DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
2 TESTIMONIALS

Angelica Kennedy

Kennedy Doula Services

Sunnyside, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens

6462206300

https://kennedydoula.com

Birth Fee

Not specified

CONTACT ANGELICA VIEW ANGELICA'S AVAILABILITY

Briana10/4/2021Angelica was recommended to me by another Sunnyside mom. From the first phone call, Angelica was incredibly comforting and easy to talk to, which was crucial for me when choosing a doula. I knew I was in a safe, judgment-free zone where I was given the space to make decisions that were best for my family.As first time parents without much family close by, having a baby during a global pandemic, Angelica was exactly the support we needed. Her passion and expertise got us through those nerve-wracking weeks and days before I went into labor. She prepared us to navigate stressful decisions and proved to be an amazing source of calm during the birth experience.Angelica is not only a doula, but a friend. We are so lucky to have found her! 


Lili C9/29/2021My husband and I worked with Angelica for our first pregnancy and had an incredible experience. We originally planned a natural birth together, but I ended up requiring a c-section at 39 weeks. Angelica’s support and guidance during this time was incredibly helpful and made a difficult situation, successful and into something positive and even magical. Her knowledge and support along the way helped us make informed decisions that we felt comfortable with.  Angelica was there as soon as my baby was born to help with first latch, and was warm and caring the entire time. I can not stress enough how helpful and loving her presence was at every part of our experience. Angelica also helped with breastfeeding postpartum and gave me the most gentle and successful advice I received to ensure my baby was properly latching. Angelica was extremely respectful of our wishes while being incredibly knowledgeable and caring. I can not recommend her enough and hiring her was one of the best decisions we made. 