DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
26 TESTIMONIALS

Beth Scheppke, CD (CHB), CBC

Birth with Beth

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens

http://www.birthwithbeth.com

Birth Fee

$2000 to $2900

CONTACT BETH VIEW BETH'S AVAILABILITY

Rory8/3/2023My partner and I loved having Beth as our doula for the home birth of our daughter. We would highly recommend her services to other expecting parents. As first-time parents, the experience of labor was quite a trip for us, but Beth’s steady, calm presence reassured us that everything was going well and we were making progress despite my repeated arguments that the baby was never coming out and perhaps I’d changed my mind about having kids anyway ??.It’s hard to describe all the ways in which Beth impressed us – from the middle-of-the night phone support when labor started, to the physical and emotional support throughout a very long day, to working seamlessly and professionally with our midwives, to keeping me fed and hydrated and cleaning our apartment – I really don’t know how we would have had a baby without her! Beth also took discreet and unobtrusive photos and videos throughout the day (I was completely oblivious at the time) – I am truly grateful to have these unexpected mementos of a very special day!On a personal note, Beth is someone with whom we felt immediately comfortable, and it was such a pleasure to get to know her. She is funny and relatable and feels like a friend. I will always look back on my labor and remember all the jokes we had between contractions! I hope Beth doesn’t go anywhere because I’d love to do it all again with her in a couple of years’ time!


Yaron Klein8/2/2023We're so glad that we chose Beth to be our doula. Beth was professional, knowledgeable, kind, patient and committed. She has a unique ability to quickly develop rapport and make you feel comfortable. During my labor she was exceptionally present and kept our spirits up with good humor and positivity. She was also very responsive and available over text and phone calls for advice and support. We highly recommend Beth to anyone looking for a doula.


Amanda K2/26/2023Beth is such a kind, loving, funny, supportive doula whoI promise will become your friend! She gave me confidence in myself, helped me advocate for my golden hour(damnit!!!), fed me while I recovered, and held my sweet baby while I rested. There's no one I'd rather have by my side during the craziest thing I've ever done! Just an absolute gem ?? 


Andre1/16/2023Working with Beth during our first pregnancy has to be one of the best decisions we made, hands down. We knew we wanted to have someone there to support us through laboring at home, and later at the hospital; guiding us through the many medical events and decisions involved in delivery. We got that and so much more from Beth. There were so many times during labor, and even after our child was born, when my wife and I felt truly at our limits. Each and every one of those times, Beth showed up with her knowledge, compassion, and calm to instantly improve the situation. I can honestly say we don't know what we would've done without her. She was always present, responsive, and thinking one step ahead of what we needed.Any person (and partner) giving birth deserves to be supported, respected, and given agency over their own body and experience: working with a doula, and more specifically, Beth, allowed us to have that. I couldn't recommend her highly enough. 


Kelly Moran12/16/2022Beth and Sarah Grace made our birth experience so much smoother and calmer. They took time and care during our pre-birth sessions to educate us and get us comfortable with what was to come -- made much easier by their extensive experience with both our hospital and the doctors in our practice. We also took Beth's birthing class and I wouldn't trade that for anything! Beth accompanied us for our birth, which was fairly eventful, and she helped us stay calm and kept us informed about our choices during labor. When I ended up spending an unexpected amount of time in the OR, Beth kept my husband company -- hard to explain how much that meant to us both. Beth stayed after the long birth to help us with our first skin-to-skin and breastfeeding experience. Beth also gave us our first chance out of the house together without our son -- she was probably the only person we'd have trusted so early on to do that. She has a calming but cheerful presence, and if we had another child, I'd want her to be there again!


Sheyda12/15/2022When I found out I was pregnant I was both happy and anxious about how pregnancy, birth and postpartum would go for me. I knew I wanted to hire a doula as soon as I could to help me navigate this time period of my life. After our initial meeting with Beth and her partner Sarah-Grace, my husband and I felt much more at ease, knowing we'd have their support and knowledge during this time.Beth and Sarah-Grace are full of resources on all things pregnancy, birth, postpartum recovery and newborn care, and even better they are very organized and easy to reach. They are thorough and absolutely worth the investment! During my home birth, Beth arrived when we needed her most. She swooped in when I felt I couldn’t do it and she kindly said « you’re already doing it. » My husband had been physically and emotionally supporting me up to that point and was starting to feel desperate as well - it is truly a two person job to support someone through labor! He and Beth were a tag team doing hip squeezes and shakes, supporting my upper body in different ways, calmly encouraging me that I could do it, modeling for me how to breathe, and putting food and drink in my mouth. After giving birth, I decided to go to the hospital because of blood loss. This was a long and exhausting process for me and Beth's calm presence and experience TRULY made the difference. This could've been scary and stressful, but because I fully trusted my midwife and doula to care for me, I was free to just feel exhausted.  They went ABOVE AND BEYOND - I am so grateful for this.Beth is truly passionate about caring for birthing people and empowering them and their families to make decisions that are right for them. She is calm, intuitive and kind. It's always wonderful to meet someone who has found their calling, and Beth will always hold a special place in our hearts for being their for us when we welcomed our baby.


Irin Carmon10/5/2022As second time parents, we weren’t sure we needed a doula. But we wanted to be prepared for the unexpected. Even over a zoom, we immediately knew Beth was the person we wanted on our team at one of the most vulnerable moments of life.Beth is calm, open minded yet authoritative. She instinctively knew when to hang back and when to be hands on.  She’s also a lovely person to spend time with, which matters when it could be hours and hours.Beth also was responsible for the most consequential decision of our pregnancy. When we told her about my first birth experience with a provider who promised one kind of approach but actually practiced my way or the highway, and our hope that a new obstetrician would offer something different, she listened and drew on her own considerable experience to recommend that we switch care teams. Transferring to a midwifery practice delivering at Mt Sinai West at 28 weeks seemed daunting, but made all the difference in my birth. It guaranteed that I would have full autonomy and trust in my provider, and it ended up being crucial to the beautiful birth we had. On the day of, it felt completely natural to have Beth’s serene presence guiding us through the chaos, and in the time that followed, she was a literal shoulder to cry on and a helping hand. We could not recommend Beth more. 


Liz8/26/2022Beth is amazing! She went above and beyond anything I expected of a doula. Not only was she incredible in helping me prepare to meet my little girl, but she stuck by me every second of my 25 hour labor. She stayed up with me through the night when I needed the support. She showed her expertise time and time again throughout the process, yet spoke to me like a long time friend when I needed it most. When my long labor ended in a c section,  I felt like a failure. Beth helped validate my feelings while reminding me that I was still accomplishing something incredible and the most important thing was bringing my little girl into the world safely. I can’t thank her enough for helping to create a positive, safe, non-judgmental space for this first time mamma to give birth. I can’t recommend Beth enough!


Abby Ziaja8/17/2022Beth is an incredible doula! Her presence during my pregnancy, birth, and postpartum made me feel heard, seen, and cared for. Throughout my pregnancy, Beth met with me and my husband to discuss our thoughts about birth and parenthood. She was a calming, confident presence as we navigated the journey of pregnancy and birth. She has a wealth of referrals and an impressive network of other doulas, midwives, chiropractors, birth educators, yoga teachers, etc. At my birth, Beth arrived at the hospital and jumped right in to give me much needed support throughout my labor. And got us snacks right after the baby arrived! For my postpartum visit, she took time to show me some helpful breastfeeding positions and also gave me the most helpful baby wearing tutorial. My husband and I are so grateful for the support Beth gave us throughout the birth of our daughter and beyond. I would absolutely recommend her!  


Lucy7/8/2022Taking Beth’s private childbirth classes was one of the best decisions made during my pregnancy. Now that the hospital classes are conducted virtually on Zoom, I was looking for a more intimate and personal experience in anticipation of our first baby. We loved having Beth over to our home and found her classes informative and holistic. We came away feeling empowered and supported and excited for the birth ahead. It was also a special bonding experience for us a couple becoming first time parents to be. Beth has a caring, gentle nature and a good sense of humor, making the classes enjoyable. I also appreciated being given access to the slides and additional resources so we can continue to prepare in our own time. We have already asked Beth to come back for postpartum support after the baby arrives. Thank you, Beth! 


Hallie5/12/2022Beth is an incredible doula and I cannot recommend her services highly enough. She is kind, caring, and was a calming presence throughout my pregnancy and birthing experience.  She is so knowledgeable and always available to answer questions, support my feelings, and help me understand and navigate all of the tricky parts of my complicated pregnancy. During my unplanned induction, Beth helped keep me relaxed, feel supported and safe, and advocate for myself.  She was also so supportive in my postpartum journey! Working with her feels like working with a good friend. Everyone should have a doula like Beth.  You will be in the best hands.  I feel so fortunate to have worked with her.


Annie-Rose5/4/2022I cannot imagine having gone through my pregnancy and birth experience without Beth. During pregnancy, Beth and Sarah Grace (her doula partner) were always available for my questions and curiosities. It gave me hugely needed support, and also gave my partner a backup so that he wasn't dealing with all of my anxieties on his own. As we got closer to the birth, the resources and lessons Beth and Sarah Grace offered made me feel like I had a clear sense of what was coming and a good idea of what resources I could / should tap into so that I had a support system in labor and postpartum recovery. And then there was the birth itself!! As my partner said afterward, his biggest lesson from watching me in labor was that no one should do it without a doula. Beth was such a huge support to both of us. She provided a steady source of calm as we dealt with a ton of twists and turns. She was incredibly helpful in all the decisions we had to make along the way. And she was so, so good at coaching me through pushing -- I really think she was the only reason I was able to do it for as long as I did. Even after labor, Beth and Sarah Grace continually checked in with us to see how everything was going, and offered additional support and advice. We're still texting with them today! I highly highly recommend Beth for anyone who's looking for support in their birth journey. 


Allison Sebastiani4/26/2022Beth is everything I hoped a doula would be!In our first interview, my husband and I felt a genuine spark with Beth and her doula partner, Sarah-Grace. Six months into my pregnancy, the birthing center we were seeing went through some staffing and financial issues. Beth and SG let us know before the birthing center did! They were tremendously helpful in hearing our frustrations and helping guide us through other birthing options. With their help, we ended up with an all-star birthing team that made us feel confident and excited about the birth.Throughout the pregnancy, Beth was also helpful in providing pregnancy and birthing resources (readings, IGs, bodyworkers, etc.) that were game changing. She's connected and well-informed in the birthing world, so she was a reliable resource for us.When it was time for the birth, Beth was precisely the support my husband and I needed. My birth was a home birth turned into a hospital cesarean birth. Objectively, that was a curveball. However, Beth's calm, patient, and positive presence made the transition feel as effortless as possible, all things considered. She was patient with all my pre-labor questions/whining. She spent 24+ hours with us as we tried to labor at home, transitioned to the hospital, waited through the cesarean, and stayed with us post-op. AND she went out of her way to make sure my placenta was packed correctly and handed off for encapsulation. Through it all, she felt like a life-long friend: someone to laugh and cry with, someone to literally hold my hand, and someone to make me feel like a birthing badass.Overall, I am convinced that Beth is changing the world by supporting and empowering birthing parents and families. I know that sounds hyperbolic, but it's just true. I’m hopeful for a brighter future with all the babies that Beth helps bring into the world. I could not recommend her enough!


Walker Smith-Williams4/11/2022Beth was such a steady presence not only at the birth of our daughter this winter but also leading up to and after the birth. When my water broke before labor started Beth gave us the information we needed to make the right choice for our family that ultimatley led to an unmedicated and uncomplicated birth which was everything we had hoped for. I remember when Beth arrived at the hospital feeling so safe and knowing that everything would be ok. Even though we've only known each other a short time I felt a sisterhood with her while she cared for and comforted me through the most intense part of labor and delivery. She was a huge help to my husband during labor as well, her knowledge kept both of us calm as we ventured into the unpredictable experience of birth.Before and after birth the resources she provided for everything from child birth education class recommendations to breastfeeding and registry essentials was so helpful and spot on. Those resources helped us feel as prepared as first time parents can be and we have continued to reference them even after our baby arrived.We highly recommend Beth to anyone looking for a calm presence and guiding hand through giving birth!


Nina Pontius3/29/2022It is impossible to capture in words how essential Beth was to every good part of my birthing experience, but I will do my best to approximate. Everyone reading this testimonial should hire Beth on the spot. The instant she walked through my door on birthing day, she plunged into supporting me like some kind of Olympic gold medalist high diver. She radiates compassion and strength. She will steadfastly stand by you through the most monotonously taxing moments of your birth. She kneeled in an awkward position to spray water on my lower belly while I labored in my shower for a solid 45 minutes with zero breaks. She sat with me for an hour and breathed every breath with me while I lay on my side with the perfect pillow propping to allow me to rest while not hindering my baby's descent. She gave me the courage to stick to my birthing plan and make it through without pain relief or intervention of any kind. This woman is a doula goddess. Do yourself a favor and have her by your side in the craziness.


Sari Kamin1/19/2022The first thing that struck me about Beth is what a good listener she is. During my initial interview with her she listened to me in a way that made me feel supported and heard, and I knew I wanted to work with her.  Throughout my pregnancy, Beth was available whenever I needed her and provided comprehensive resources after every meeting. I was anxious about what the actual labor and delivery experience would be like, but Beth remained a calming presence in my life, armed with fact-based evidence and kind and supportive affirmations. She is truly non-judgemental and will meet you wherever you are. She is knowledgeable, experienced, and deeply compassionate. She is also wickedly funny and madet every meeting a joy. My actual labor was a pretty difficult experience and I am so grateful for Beth. She advocated for me when I needed it most and I really believe the birth would have been much more traumatic had she not been there. I can't recommend her enough and feel so lucky that she was part of my pregnancy journey. 


Justine Kay12/21/2021Beth has the perfect combination of experience, positive attitude and calm confidence. With her introductory survey, video calls and prenatal visit, she spent a lot of time asking us questions and really listened to our answers, putting them into practice throughout the birth and follow ups. She helped make sure we were prepared for our home birth with everything that we needed and we felt confident we could lean on her for support in the event there was an unexpected change in our home birth plan.During labor she held space for me to take the lead and simultaneously provided gentle reminders in reaction to my needs in the moment, making sure I was hydrated, fed and always had a hand to squeeze. During the height of the contractions, she mirrored the hypnobirthing breathing technique we had discussed that I wanted to use, which helped immensely. We would highly recommend Beth to anyone looking for calm, confident support throughout their pregnancy and birthing experience.    


Mariana Rutigliano10/12/2021I can't recommend Beth strongly enough. She is knowleageable, experienced and fills the room with joy! I was honestly skeptical about getting the help of a doula initially, as I thought I was strong and could go over the process with the help of my partner and my sister. I couldn't be more wrong! I felt like I knew her from ages, as she was a very close friend with great birth experience. At birth, Beth was like an angel sent to make our journey calmer and to help us feeling confident at the most intense - and beautiful - times of our lives.When she arrived in our hospital room, I was feeling strong surges for a couple of hours. Her presence and help completely changed the mood and provided us with the strenght to continue the journey for many more hours ahead. While navigating the surges, she makes herself invisible while present at all times, which helped me cope with pain in many different ways, from recommending positions to bringing an impressive arsenal of tools with balls, fans, ice packs and more. The birth process ran much more smoothly with her knowledge. She was also a fundamental support for my partner who felt more confident and had the headspace to be by my side rather than worrying about everything that was going on in the hospital setting.I will never be thankful enough for Beth presence at the birth our baby girl! 


Ilana Lee8/18/2021We are so glad that we had Beth on our journey to first time parenthood. She has a very friendly, fun and calming demeanor which put us at ease, and her knowledge and experience made us feel empowered and educated throughout the entire pregnancy. Beth's presence made the biggest difference in how relaxed, positive and confident we felt throughout labor, no matter what was happening.  We feel very grateful to have made the connection with Beth and would without hesitation recommended her to anyone else who is expecting. 


Coco Sparks2/16/2021I could not have asked for a more empowering birth experience and owe a great deal of that to Beth. Not only is she a wonderful person who made us feel at ease from our initial interaction with her, she is an extremely skilled birth worker with a wealth of knowledge that she is willing and excited to share. Throughout my pregnancy, she provided my husband and I with the knowledge and guidance necessary to make informed decisions regarding my prenatal care and our birth plan. Additionally, her concerted efforts to engage with us in the months and weeks leading up to our due date made a big difference in allowing us to feel connected to her when the big day arrived. We would welcome the opportunity to work with her for future births and have already passed along her name to friends!!


Melissa Cameron2/15/2021Beth brings the most calming, loving presense to everything she does. She has an abundance of knowledge, carries ZERO judgment and possesses a light, positive attitude. She is highly organized and adaptable which are two invalubale traits to have as a Doula and she's always quick to respond to a text or email. My partner and I felt supported and guided throughout our entire jouney with Beth and truly, we could not have done it without her. I hope everyone gets to experience birth with beth because she makes you feel safe and protected during labor which creates an excellent start to your post-partum period and new life with baby.   


Leah Farrell10/29/2020I really loved working with Beth as my doula. From the start she was warm and attentive. She made a genuine effort to support me and get to know me throughout my pregnancy. We had monthly check in's and she responded immediately if I reached out to her for advice or help. Her package also included a two hour birth class for myself and my husband. It was so thorough I ended up cancelling another class I had signed up for. During my labor and delivery Beth was emotionally present, incredibly attentive, thoughtful and comforting. She talked through all interventions with me and my husband, rubbed my hands and feet, and even helped to alleviate itching caused by the epidural. She was calm and unintrusive. At the end of the delivery I was so grateful I had her there with me as extra support. My husband also felt very supported by Beth, and we both agree we'd work with her again in a heartbeat. She's grounded, reliable, knowledgeable and incredibly warm and took care of me from pregnancy through postpartum check in's. 


Rebecca8/22/2020Beth is a wonderful, informed, patient and caring doula!  Prior to giving birth, she took the time to help us understand every aspect of birth we had questions about, talking us through a variety of options and clearly outlining the pros and cons while remaining in tune with our preferences and concerns.  At the hospital, Beth used coaching, physical touch and humor to help me and my partner stay grounded and prepared for a healthy delivery.  As is so often the case, the birth of our baby did not go exactly as planned, but it was a joyful, safe and empowering experience for everyone, largely thanks to Beth's counsel, advocacy and enthusiasm.  Even our doctor commented on how great Beth was in the room! During our postpartum visit, Beth checked in on both me and the baby, and helped us with some early breastfeeding concerns in a way that was encouraging and informative. We highly recommend working with Beth! 


Grace McDonald1/22/2020My birth experience was absolutely incredible. I would wish it on anyone and thanks to my doula, Beth! She helped me breathe through each contraction while pushing on my hips in a way that absorbed the pain. This birth would have been way more painful had she not been there. My labor was 8 hours long and when the doctor came to break my water, I pushed twice and the baby was out. Beth was an incredible encouragement and support, very communicative and professional throughout the whole process. Her warm personality and personability will put any mother-to-be at ease.


Ruth Weiss1/19/2020After meetings with Beth, we felt less anxious and more prepared. She was very helpful when we contacted her with questions. Leading up to the birth, my husband was sick and Beth graciously came to a final doctor's appointment so that I would not have to go alone. She brought a lot of stamina and positive energy to the labor and delivery experience. She worked well with everyone else who was part of the birthing team, but was also a clear advocate for me and my husband. We would highly recommend working with Beth. 


Bruno Araujo and Michelle Druskinis12/9/2019Beth was a pleasure to work with. Michelle I immediately connected with her upon meeting her, and through her warm, tender, friendly demeanor, she made us feel comfortable with her from day 1.She was generous her time, and flexible to our needs, and the delivery process. She more than made up for any relative lack of experience, by thoroughly researching any topic on which she didn't have an answer at ready. She never made us feel judged regarding any element of our birth plan, and was thoughtful and warm with her interactions with us. She's also very punctual, and reliable.We felt like we connected with her on a level that made us feel like she was more than a contractor; but a friend. We wouldn't hesitate to recommend her.Sincerely,Bruno and Michelle