DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
8 TESTIMONIALS

Brandi Miller

Be Nurtured Birth Services

Bronx, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  Also available for Westchester County and parts of New Jersey

8455762086

https://msha.ke/benurtureddoula

Birth Fee

$1900 to $2200

Black Doula

CONTACT BRANDI VIEW BRANDI'S AVAILABILITY

Marcella Anderson1/22/2022Brandi Miller Is the best doula you can ask for , she on hand when you need her !!! She also make sure you are good when that times comes to delivery your baby and follow exactly what the person wants .. Brandi is the best I recommend her 10000%  


Leslie Castro1/21/2022Brandi is a blessing; she was there for me in my most vulnerable moment and her dedication and kindness is definitely a plus. There is nothing else I could ask for in a doula because Brandi goes above an beyond. 


Karen11/11/2021Ms. Brandi  is a awesome doula. She is kind and calm we 32 w caring.  She was not overbearing or overwhelming.  She understood me and picked up on ques . She was able to allow me to make my decisions  . She provided with the information  needed . I felt comfortable  with her and my baby girl came with no stress . Postpartum  services  was also great no issues . Worked with my pace and.my schedule  . Was not overwhelming or bossy . Thank you Ms. Brandi  .  


Yani9/10/2021Brandi was very supportive when we were expecting our second baby in June 2021. She was advocating for us and also understood that there needed to be a lot of flexibility depending on my and the baby's condition. I had gestational diabetes, had to take insulin, GBS, symphysis pubis dysfunction and just overall discomfort during the pregnancy so I had to be induced. Even so, she stayed from the afternoon of the delivery right to 3:30am the following morning to make sure I was all right. Brandi is definitely dedicated to her role as a doula and would make a great one for you. 


shanell stevens9/10/2021My experience with Brandi was quite great! She was extremely helpful from our initial meeting. She respected all my request and definitely provided the service and more. She is very kind and a woman of her word. Thank you so much to Ms Brandi from my SONshine she was able to help bring into the world. 


Tyana Ali9/9/2021Brandi was a phenomenal doula. I am so lucky to have had her support for my birth. I truly believe she was the reason why I was able to have a VBAC birth which is what my heart was set on. Even when I was over 24hrs into labor and felt I couldn't take it anymore, Brandi was there supporting and encouraging me the entire time. Brandi also was a great resource after the birth of my baby boy. She made sure to check up on me and the baby and make sure everyone was doing well. Brandi went above and beyond her duties as a doula and I felt very safe and cared for under her care. I would recommend her to everyone!! She helped to create an experience I'll never forget.


Kimberly jenkins9/9/2021This was my first time using a doula and I should've used one with my previous pregnancies. Brandi gave me such an amazing experience in her knowledge and support during my pregnancy, in that hospital, and even postpartum and she continues to give me that support. I couldn't have had a better experience with a better person to support me and help me through my this pregnancy. I am forever grateful for her involvement, her knowledge, her patience, and her support. 


Nadia Keaton2/5/2021I used Brandi Miller services mostly for my postpartum support and help with breastfeeding after my my three failed attempts at it with my previous children. She was warm gentle and kind. She was there to lift my spirits especially in the beginning when I wasn't producing any milk and followed it up with different techniques to promote milk flow. If it wasn't for her I would have given up as soon as I started. I credit the success I had to her and I'm grateful I found her. In my opinion she made my breastfeeding experience so much more enjoyable and successful. I will definitely be using her services again this time for my entire pregnancy. 