DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
4 TESTIMONIALS

Cait Lanahan

Cait the Doula: Birth, Postpartum & Lactation

Bronx, NY  Service range 50 miles

http://www.caitthedoula.com

Birth Fee

$1200 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $60

CONTACT CAIT VIEW CAIT'S AVAILABILITY

Korly DeVries7/24/2023Booking Cait as our postpartum doula was one of the best decisions that we made. As first time parents, both my husband and I were anxious about suddenly being responsible for our tiny new human when we brought our daughter home from the hospital. Cait was so incredible in helping us navigate the first days home from the hospital. She met us at our apartment the night we got discharged from the hospital and helped to arrange all my peri/postpartum supplies and medications following an exhausting 3-week early induction, unplanned C-section, and extended hospital stay. Our house was a mess with stuff all over the place from our baby shower and Cait helped to organize everything by sorting it into bins, sorted all our hand-me-down clothing by size/age, and got our place into baby-ready shape. She cooked us delicious nourishing meals, always checked in on our mental health with every visit—even gently pushing me to have difficult real conversations about my postpartum depression and anxieties as a first-time mom, gave amazing massages, answered all our exhausting clueless parent questions, and helped me to navigate breastfeeding, pumping, and all the challenging things that come along with lactation and feeding with patience and compassion. She even worked with us a little longer to do some extra lactation consulting sessions following our daughter's tongue and lip tie surgery. Cait is an absolutely gifted doula, who we now consider a friend, and we truly cannot sing her praises enough to all of our friends, friends of friends, and family who are expecting. She is THE BEST!


Emily7/10/2023Cait was an incredible postpartum Doula and such a big help for our family. As first time parents, my husband and I were anxious about bringing our baby home but Cait helped to get us set up and supported us through our first few weeks. She took great care of our baby while we needed rest, taught us baby care basics, cooked us meals, and most importantly gave us the emotional support we needed in the early days of parenthood. Cait made sure to check in on both the baby and us as parents, making sure our physical and mental health were able to recover fully. Being a first time mom is an emotional time, and Cait was always there to help me through the ups and downs and to feel prepared and excited to enter into motherhood. We cannot recommend Cait enough and will be referring her to all of our family and friends who are expecting! 


Serena7/4/2023A friend referred me to Cait when I was early in my first pregnancy, and I could not be more grateful. Cait is a wealth of knowledge for all kinds of birth experiences. She seamlessly pivoted with us when we learned we needed a scheduled c-section, and helped us learn what to expect. Even though it was a c-section, Cait spent the whole day at the hospital with us helping with bonding and the first latch. She was there when we needed, and also gave us space when we needed. The postpartum support we received was incredible - she patiently corrected my breastfeeding techniques (like, for hours), hooked me up with a combo feeding plan when we had to suddenly introduce formula, taught me how to pump, cooked amazing food, gave me professional level massages, and asked all the right questions about my (and my partner's!) mental health. FULLY exceeded my expectations. Her approach is inclusive and trauma-informed - so necessary in birth work. You cannot go wrong with choosing Cait as your doula <3. 


Mollie6/29/2023I remember debating during the second trimester whether or not it was worthwhile to hire a doula. It was definitely the best decision to work with Cait! I honestly had no idea what an impact having Cait would have. She offers a completely judgement free approach, and is there to answer any question (no matter how ridiculous it may be).During pregnancy she was there to listen to my birth plan, and offered many solutions (natural remedies, massage techniques, as well as medications) for all of my physical pain from pregnancy I was experiencing.  I had an extremely tough labor, and Cait was there for about every second of it. When in labor, my birth plan changed, and Cait was so flexible and encouraging. We dealt with some providers at the hospital who were challenging to work with, and Cait had my back. I in no way wanted Pitocin when arriving to the hospital, and Cait empowered me to advocate for myself, and she ensured no one forced that no one their agenda on me. I labored in the hospital for days, and Cait was there making sure I felt empowered, and offered an immense amount of physical and emotional support. I appreciated that she was able to find a way to include my husband throughout the entire process, and guided him when I needed him but didn’t exactly know how at the time. I pushed for 4 hours, and Cait was there with the utmost positivity, and again, physical support, for the entire time.She is someone who understands how challenging the postpartum period can be, and offered (and still offers), support. Breastfeeding is extremely challenging, and she helped me when I got home from the hospital to make it comfortable. She made sure I was physically and mentally okay after birth. When people ask me about my birth I always say that I wouldn’t be able to do it without my husband, and of course, my doula Cait. I honestly couldn’t recommend someone enough. She is terrific!