DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
3 TESTIMONIALS

Cristina Morales-Vega

Daring Doula LLC

Merrick, NY  Service range 32 miles  Service Areas: NY & Long Island

http://www.daringdoula.com

Birth Fee

$1250 to $1500

Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

CONTACT CRISTINA VIEW CRISTINA'S AVAILABILITY

Zayina Rivera4/10/2023Cristina has been a blessing. I don't know how I would've done this journey without her. She's been such a great support. Always reliable, always willing to help as much as she can. She has made me enjoy my first experience giving birth and has helped my postpartum experience which hasn't been easy but shes made it a lot easier. She has made me feel comfortable and open to talk to her about anything which is a lot coming from a introvert who is closed off. Would definitely recommend her to assist any and everyone. Thank you Cristina for everything. 


Carmen Majeed4/13/2022Having Cristina as my Doula was seriously amazing. Throughout my pregnancy she made me feel so comfortable and calm. From all the information she provided me with to all the stretches and exercises she had me do to prepare for labor. My labor was a long three days but I don't think I could have had my unmedicated birth without the help from Cristina! She explained to me how I was in Prodromal Labor not your average Labor story but without her I would have thought something was wrong. She kept me so informed that i just felt comfortable and strong to push thru it all. Not only did she prepare me  she also prepared my husband. When my labor started she helped keep me calm and focused I wasn't scared or anxious to give birth at all after all the support she offered me. Having her with me in the Hospital as well was just helpful as it can be very intimidating once your hooked up on machines and doctors coming in and out saying things your not sure about. She made me aware of everything and helped me push thru! I am so happy with the turn out and for sure will be using Cristina as my doula for my second baby !!! 


Stephanie Prado1/10/2022I am glad that we made the decision to have Cristiana as our Doula. Having her with us in the delivery room made my husband and I feel supported and calm. She was fully aware of our birth plan and was quick to make sure our desires for my birth were being implemented. She was very knowledgeable regarding the different positions that would help to bring my baby down during contractions. She reminded me to breathe deeply and knew exactly when I would tense up during a contraction so she reminded me to allow my body to open. She showed my husband where to apply pressure during my contractions and it brought me the relief I needed to get through. She worked well with my midwife and the nurses that were present. It was great to have her cheering me on. I would wholeheartedly recommend her to anyone wanting to feel supported and heard during labor .