DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
14 TESTIMONIALS

Deborah Badran, CD(DONA)

Celebration of Life Doula Services

New York, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  I attend births in Manhattan.

(212) 753-8160

http://www.celebrationoflifedoula.com

Birth Fee

Not specified

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

CONTACT DEBORAH VIEW DEBORAH'S AVAILABILITY

Nikki3/13/2022Deborah was our doula for our first daughter's birth in 2021 at NYU Langone. Deb was an important part of having the no intervention birth that I wanted. 1 month before due date, we had a birth preparation session. It was useful, Deb shared practical tips, including must have items for baby & what to pack for the hospital.I got a cranial sacral massage from Deb in my 3rd trimester and it was the most relaxed and calm I’d felt in a long time. It was also a great opportunity for bonding between Deb, the baby & I.From first signs of labor, Deb provided remote support due to covid restrictions. Deb’s support was frequent, I felt supported and she resolved my uncertainties. You know an amazing doula when her advice results in your water breaking, quite the acceleration of labor we needed! I was then in active labor, and we shortly met Deb in-person in the NYU foyer.Deb was a calming presence in hospital, it was great to have someone I trusted looking out me, and her healing hands were valuable, particularly as the baby was descending down my pelvis, which I felt very unprepared for. Deb boosted my confidence by helping me understand that was I was feeling was normal.Soon after being admitted into the delivery room, there were concerns about my baby’s heart rate and things got very intense. Deb allowed the medical experts to do their job without interfering, but remained a calming, assured presence, encouraging me to keep up the good work.Deb added a lot of value in the pushing phase when we were experimenting with positions. Deb had the fantastic idea to introduce a piece of cloth to help ‘pull up’ into a c-position, leading to an efficient pushing phase.It was very special to have Deb’s beautiful presence in the room after my daughter’s birth. We celebrated together and she took great family photos and helped me with breastfeeding.


Quinn Aldrich10/25/2018Can't highly recommend Deborah enough. She was recommended by our OBs who mentioned that they don't always love working with doulas, but all five OBs at our practice knew and liked working Deborah (a huge endorsement).Deborah was always positive, patient and re-assuring. She took the time to answer all of our questions thoroughly and was always extremely responsive when we had a question throughout pregnancy and in the first few weeks home with a newborn (we are first time parents). And Deborah always brought up points and perspective that we didn't think of - she always covered all the basis and thought of the details.Deborah was also great about giving us options and then letting us / not pressuring us into any one decision, but supporting the path that we chose (i.e., she didn't push an agenda).Deborah was also very re-assuring during labor and made sure everything went smoothly at the hospital so that I could focus on labor and my husband could totally focus on supporting me. Deborah got the nurses / doctors when we needed them, helped us understand our options and timing during labor, and was very calming for me throughout. She was very supportive and in no way detracted from my husband as my primary support (which both of us had reservations about when considering a doula in the first place). She was also EXTREMELY helpful in showing us how our daughter should breastfeed right after birth - which I'm not sure how i would have done without her as a first time mom who was completely exhausted from labor.We would absolutely recommend (and already have recommended!) Deborah to our friends/family who are pregnant.


Elizabeth Helgeson5/21/2018I remember first speaking to Deborah on the phone when we were interviewing doulas and being impressed by her great deal of experience- which was one of the my main priorities at the time. But when we met with Deborah for the first time, I was struck by the reverence with which she regarded this whole process and our conversation made me not only look forward to having a baby, but to the actual birth itself.Deborah is incredibly knowledgeable and caring and between her and our medical team, we felt so well taken care of. At our daughter’s birth, Deborah was unbelievably attentive and creative when we encountered some tricky moments and she helped the process go smoothly. I had a great conversation with her about being a doula that night while we were waiting for my labor to advance and was inspired by the dedication she brings to her work.My husband and I are so grateful to Deborah for her attention and care. Our daughter’s birth was indeed a magical and unforgettable night.


Amanda Anders5/17/2018Deborah’s knowledge, years of experience and number of births surpassed anyone. She was so warm, answered our questions and shared points that we had not considered. She was honest and informed us of all realistic scenarios, while remaining positive. Although I? wanted to say yes right then, we interviewed others, which she encouraged and never made us feel bad. We soon let her know and after signing a one page contract she gave us a plan of action. I was happy to sign understanding her policies and that she would not take any others near my due date. All the other Doulas had something similar. I? would call her after my appointments discussing next steps, concerns and questions. Once closer we discussed  packing lists, preparing for the hospital as well as our home. I? never had to worry when I? would go to the hospital because Deborah discussed each scenario and could be reached at any hour. At 41 weeks and 1 day I? was induced. I?  felt sad but she talked me right through. During labor we used the ball, different positions, massage and breathing. It was a nice variety to find what worked best, you do not know until you are in it. Anytime I? thought I? may give up she brought me back. She involved my husband and gave him the breaks he needed. All of the staff found her to be great and my OBGYN is now one of her biggest fans. I? was able to have my son without pitocin or an epidural all while being fully alert. Immediately after he was born she helped with skin to skin and his first latch. The next day she checked on us and even came to our house a couple days later to help with nursing.  Finding out I? was pregnant just 5 months later Deborah was my first call. With my 2nd she made no shortcuts. I truly am so grateful. When I? look back on the two hardest days of my life, I? can be proud, and I know it would have gone different without Deborah. I wish everyone could have the experience I? had not once but twice.


Christina T2/6/2018We are so thankful that Deborah was with us during the birth of our son last August. My husband and I decided to hire a doula in my second trimester and after meeting with numerous doulas, we knew Deborah was the right person for us. Her knowledge and experience exceeded expectations and she helped us prepare for our first child. She was available to answer any questions, patient throughout it all, and always kind.Everything went smoothly thanks to her. Her guidance and calm nature made me feel comfortable and less afraid/nervous during labor and delivery. At the hospital, she made sure my husband felt included and made sure we both knew what was going on at all times. Once our son was delivered, my husband and I were too busy enjoying the moment that we forgot to take any photos. Luckily, Deborah was on top of it and captured the moment for us.Thank you, Deborah! We hope you will be available when we have our second sometime in the future.


Katherine Engel12/15/2017Deborah was my doula for 2 of my deliveries. I would have used her a 3rd time as well if I had stayed in the city. She was unbelievable in both deliveries. My first son was a very difficult delivery and I truly believe I would have ended up with a cesarean delivery if she wasn’t there. She helped guide me through different pushing positions for 3 loooooong hours and we finally found one that worked and I was able to get my son out. She had relationships with the nurses and staff at NYU where both my sons were delivered and she asked them questions and noticed things that I never would have thought about. My IV wasn’t dripping properly in my second delivery and she brought it the attention of my nurse. Had she not noticed that I wouldn’t have received my antibiotic in time for the delivery. She helped me do things that I never would have wanted my husband to be involved in. She also answered every ridiculous question I had during my pregnancy. She came over to our apartment after the delivery of my first son to help me with breast-feeding. I struggled with that for a long time, but stuck to it because of her help. She noticed how congested he was in the hospital after his delivery, due to the fact that he was in the birth canal for so long and she made sure he was suctioned over and over so he could breath more clearly and nurse. She was so calm and comforting and really helped me relax during the deliveries. I felt like I was in really good hands having her there and I would definitely recommend her to anyone that is looking for a doula.


Kelly Waters12/4/2017Deborah Badran is a wonderful person and an amazing Doula. She made what could have been a very difficult birth such a beautiful experience. She was there for us throughout the pregnancy and also treated me with cranial sacral therapy during the pregnancy. This was a turning point for me as I was not feeling good at all, extremely tired with a complete lack of energy. After one session I started feeling better and better. I then ended up working until 3 days before my due date and felt great.She created a plan a, b and c for us which we wouldn’t have been prepared for otherwise. We ended up laboring in a hotel just across the street from the hospital because we live quite far away. It made everything so much easier.I had a long 36 hour labor which was initially pretty exhausting. Deborah was with us the whole time and when we were running low energetically, she totally carried us through. She helped me relax through my contractions and was a constant source of support for both myself and my partner.I wasn’t dilating at all and I really wanted to avoid a c-section. Obviously this is out of anyone’s control at a certain point, but I still managed to have a vaginal birth due to the amazing people around me. Deborah was at the forefront of these people and guided us through the entire thing. Deborah was a huge part of why I felt extremely safe and now remember the birth of our beautiful baby girl to be a totally magical experience.Deborah takes her work extremely seriously and is truly one of a kind. We can’t thank her enough and we highly recommend her to anyone looking for birth support.


Lisa Lurie Kalapesi11/29/2017Deborah was amazing as our doula for the birth of our baby girl. Her experience comes through in her calm, warm, knowledgeable and unflappable approach. She really was there to support both me and my husband, not only me, which wasn't always the feeling we got when we met other doulas.Our OB recommended Deborah, and after interviewing many other doulas, we can now see why. She knows the ins and outs of the hospital and how the nurses and doctors in labor and delivery like to work. She was there to guide us through every step of the journey.Her service is very comprehensive: she prepared us and answered all questions prior to the birth, she was in constant contact with us leading up to my due date, once contractions started she guided us through early stages and helped us decide when to go to the hospital. Once we arrived at the hospital Deborah was there and waiting for us. She immediately started coaching me through pain management and guiding my husband through the necessary logistics. She coached me through each contraction and offered just the right amount of physical support through labor. She helped me believe I could do it and even remembered to take photos of the 3 of us! After our daughter was born she immediately began focusing on our first latch, in fact her suggestion of trying football hold made all the difference and I truly think we were successful in those first few days because of her early advice. After all of this, Deborah made sure to stay in regular contact with us by phone and text just to make sure we were settling well at home.Deborah believes in supporting you and your partner through the whole process. She honors your preferences, respects the care provided at the hospital by the doctors and nurses and they clearly respect her. She never made me feel guilty or bad for my choices, but helped me make them by considering the options based on knowing what I wanted. I am so grateful we were able to work with Deborah!


Jillian Hurley11/17/2017I can’t express how thankful I was to have Deborah by my side for our son’s birth. I was quite nervous about delivering our first child, especially after learning that he was sizing far above average. Deborah coached us through the entire process from the very beginning, helping us understand what to expect and giving me the confidence that I needed to deliver our beautiful son.From the moment we stepped in the hospital, Deborah was there to explain exactly what was going on. She had an excellent rapport with the staff and made sure that all of our needs were tended to. I was completely at ease throughout the entire birth, and I attribute this entirely to Deborah’s care.I remember turning to Deborah just before delivery to ask "when is this going to hurt?" I feel terrible for friends and family when I hear of the stress and pain that they endured during childbirth, all of which sounds so foreign to me thanks to Deborah. She is a talented and gifted professional whom we are forever indebted to.


Elena Gromova-Godoy11/16/2017Every time we think about the birth of our second baby, we are so grateful we had Deborah! My first baby was born via c-section due to labor not progressing. Recovering from c-section was not easy, so I really hoped to avoid it this time. I asked my OBGYN for recomendations and she gave me Deboarh's contact info. My husband and I met Deborah and signed the contract on the same day. Since I already had a c-section, we asked what would happen if I got c-section again: would we get our money back. And Deboarh explained that she would refund 50% in a situation when my OB tells me in advance that we should schedule a c-section. But if labor starts and then c-section happens, there would be no refund. It made sence to us.Having Deborah was a true blessing! It was small and big things. She gave really grateful packing list and few things from it I now always recommend to my friends. When my water started leaking, Deboar told me about being cautious and not just go by the common test "Does the water run down your leg" and if it doesn't it probably isn't quite water breaking. She explained that sometimes the liquid may not just run down but the sack may already be raptured and infection can get in if not addressed. I really appreciated that she was watching out for me and guiding me while I was home feeling nervous and anxious. But of course the biggest help was actual hospital labor. Deborah was with me from the moment I was induced (since after a leak no contractions followed) till the moment the baby was born. Almost 24 hours! During that time, I slept, my husband slept and Deborah was "on guard" in the chair next to me checking on me and checking with the nurses and my OB. She explained everything that went on around me, brought me water, held the straw to drink it, fixed my pillows and my hair. She was calm, positive, full of encouragement. I can't tell who loved having her there more: me or my husband :) And no c-section!


Mandy Plonsky11/16/2017We were fortunate enough to have Deborah at our oldest son's birth.  We started to get to know Deborah before he was born leading to an easy relaxed relationship during what can be a stressful time.  As a "type A" New Yorker having her calming demeanor in the room throughout the night of his birth was a gift to both my husband and I.  Deborah kept faithful watch as the nurses came through every so often, and maybe a doctor every few hours.  There was no judgments on my decision for pain reflief, only support throughout the whole process. It was nice to observe her knowledge and see the relationships Deborah had with the staff in the hospital as well; in fact my ObGyn had nothing but lovely things to say about Deborah.When we found out less than a year later that Iwas pregnant with identical twins Deborah was our first call after our parents.  We immediately got her on board, despite knowing that I was now consideered a high risk pregnancy, in fact Deborah assured me my new high risk doctor was great (she was right).  Due to pregnancy complications we had to have a c-section at 32 weeks, and our boys entered the NICU for a month.  While Deborah was unable to be present at the birth she came to visit and meet the boys while they were still in the hospital.  Due to the c-section Deborah issued us the refund that we all had agreed upon in her contract right from the start.I have now recommended Deborah to good friends who too have had her present at their births - with nothing but wonderful experiences.  Deborah Badran is not only kind and compasionate but she truly is a wonderful doula.


Mara Lander11/15/2017Deborah has been an absolute godsend to me. I actually met her way back in 2005 or so for cranial sacral care, and she reversed YEARS of pain and damge and gave me back my body and health in so many ways. Through our sessions she shared her joy and passion for her work as a Doula. To be honest, I was young and single and had no idea what a doula was, but learned about the wonderful work they do through Deborah. Fast forward to when i eventually DID get pregnant - we knew we wanted Deborah along for the ride!I had Preeclampsia and must have communicated with Deborah twice a day for a month. She remained calm, supportive and so knowledgable through it all. When i let me OBGYN (Village Obstetrics) know that Deborah would also attend the birth they said "Oh we know Deborah, she's one of the best!" I had a long and painful labor and Debroah supported me (and my husband!) every step of the way. She is a professional, and has the knowledge and training, but also has an innate instinct about the human body that only true healers possess. Through our 24 hours or so during the delivery she managed to be exactly where I needed her when i needed her, and nowhere in sight when i needed to be alone. She knows people, knows childbirth, and knows the human body. She LOVES babies which is so special to see. Deborah made what was a scary and painful time for me so much less scary and painful, and also reminded us to see the magic in what we were doing. We went back and forth a little bit about the expense of a Doula. Almost immeditaley after our daughter was born my husband and I both said, "thank god for Deborah."


Deborah Badran10/31/2017This is a rebuttal to the testimonial posted on 5/25/2017 I am truly shocked and saddened by the MJW testimonial placed on my doula profile and that she did not put her name on it. I know exactly who this is. It is an attack on my professional character intended to destroy my reputation and to dissuade potential clients from working with me. It is so easy to project negativity anonymously and do harm to others on line. In the interest of fairness and protecting my honor as a trusted birth professional, I will post my thoughts. I have had wonderful happy clients throughout my doula career that spans over 19 years. I have never had a client speak of me in the terms mentioned here. I have never persuaded a client to work with me. I only want to support wonderful clients who are of the same philosophy, character and mindset as myself so that we are a great match for a successful birth experience. I work with clients who “choose me” to help them have the most rewarding birth. When I agree to take a client, they see my contract and refund policy which clearly states that I accept payment at the time my services are engaged. It states that if there is a scheduled c section or an emergency, that there will be a refund of 50% which was paid to this client. Neither of us have any control over an unexpected c section. We have to share the loss as I turned away 2 other clients to protect their due date. Unfortunately, it took much longer than I would have liked to refund their money as I had other people with unexpected scheduled c sections at the same time. This testimonial is a gross misrepresentation of the excellent support I have offered to over 1800 lovely clients during my doula career. It is always my priority to be fair and supportive of all of my clients.


MJW5/25/2017Terrible experience. Suspicious from the outset, a spotted corporate background prior, and never having personally experienced childbirth made me cautious, but was persuaded to proceed and eventually agree to her terms of a full payment up front (2000 USD). In hindsight a ridiculous thing to do, but being pregnant with your first child makes you less coherent. We underwent an unprecedented, emergency C-section at 5weeks premature, not having had any use for her services, whatsoever. We then underwent 2 weeks of emergency surgeries for a heart abnormality - a very intensive period.Nonetheless, having participated in no way shape or form in our birth we politely requested our money back, after an acute shift in persona we have since spent the last 11months chasing her, almost a full calendar year, awaiting any sort of reimbursement - only to just receive 50% and a not implying that we need to pursue legal action for the remainder.