DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
17 TESTIMONIALS

Dena G

Jackson Heights, NY  Service range 60 miles

Birth Fee

$1000 to $2600

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $60

Availability Remarks: I have experience with twins and early term babies. I am a lactation counselor.

CONTACT DENA VIEW DENA'S AVAILABILITY

Marissa6/30/2023Dena was without a doubt my most important resource for navigating pregnancy, birth, and coming home with a newborn. While my husband and I read books and took classes in the lead up to my son’s birth, nothing can compare to the support and insight provided by Dena. She was available when I needed her, attentive to my needs, and always willing to meet me where I was at when facing difficulties. I felt continually seen and respected by Dena. Beyond emotional support, Dena is deeply knowledgeable and proved to be an endless source of wisdom. For every issue or fear I encountered Dena would always have suggestions that helped me reach a level of calm I do not think would have been possible without her.On the birthing day itself Dena’s calm demeanor and ability to match my energy throughout the day was invaluable. Dena is such an integral part of my birth story that I truly cannot picture this journey without her. Dena comes as highly recommended by me as possible. Should I become pregnant again in the future she will definitely be the first person I tell (after my husband of course)! 


Talia Albano6/22/2023After 28 weeks I decided to go with my original plan in hiring a doula. After reading through denas profile and having a consultation with her I knew I made the right choice. she was incredible to work with from start to finish. Very sweet kind knowledgeable and offered me so many resources. She taught my husband and I exercises to get me prepared for birth but most importantly was the rock that we both needed to feel confident when the time came. And when the time came I don't know how I would have done it without her.!!! She kept me grounded and calm , with words of encouragement and just a solid energy by my side. I knew everything was going to be okay because she was there. I was able to have the fully unmedicated birth with no interventions just as I wanted ! Post partum she has still been amazing, she spent an afternoon with us after birth and a day our home offering craniosacral therapy and working on latching the baby. She taught us how to use a baby carrying wrap and gave us many tips and tricks. I am so beyond thankful and grateful I chose her for this journey. I will be praying she's available for my next births !! 


Lei zhao5/19/2023 We were struggling.  Out of the hospital with a newborn trying to breast-feed, We were ecstatic seeing a few drops after pumping for 30 minutes, before realizing this is not good.. my wife's breast is it like a hard coconut, pain, and we don't know what to do. With a long night ahead of us, it felt really doomy and heavy.Dena came in, assessed where we are, and gave a very non-sugar-coating description of what's happening and what will happen next if this is not corrected right away. She started almost the whole night doing hand expression, trying different things, while explaining to us different techniques we could do at home. she worked two nights by my wife bedside back to back, which I can tell is quite physically tolling. It worked!  We were able to catch up quite a bit and on the track to be able to fully breastfeed.  I would recommend Dena to anybody that needs help. I also will happily have her back again if we need more help. 


Eileen Burrowes5/1/2023Dena was an incredible help and resource for my baby and I. I'm a first-time and a single mom, and Dena taught me so much about caring for a newborn. Our sleep has improved immensely from what I learned. She is naturally great with newborns, and my son was comfortable with her right away. He was also experiencing gastrointestinal pain, and she helped me identify ways to remediate it. I would highly recommend Dena to anyone looking for postpartum care. 


Jacqueline Paolino3/19/2023I cannot thank Dena enough for her support and the care she provided me, my baby and husband during those sleepless nights. She was compassionate and validating of everything I was going through and empowered me to feel like I was doing a great job, even at my lowest. I required extra help after my c-section, and on nights when Dena was unable to make it, she seamlessly coordinated an all-star team of doulas to come and take care of us. Everyone she sent to our home was fantastic and we felt so safe with baby Sophia in their hands. As a first-time mother, the nights as well as my milk oversupply were the most challenging aspects of newborn care and postpartum life. Having Dena up at all hours by my side, comforting me and advising me, made all the difference. I truly cannot imagine going through this experience without Dena’s support. We miss her energy in our home, and will always be grateful for the love she gave to me and my baby when we needed it most. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for everything you've done for me and my family!


Alissa Bageorgos3/3/2023I am incredibly pleased with my decision to hire Dena as my birth doula. If you're uneasy about childbirth as I was (who isn't), hiring Dena will equip you with the tools and knowledge needed for your ideal birth experience (even if you don't know what that looks like yet). She is very communicative and well-informed. Prior to hiring Dena, I hadn't given much thought to my birth plan and I appreciated how I never felt pressured to choose one option over another when creating my birth plan. Dena informed me of the options available, along with pros/cons of each to make the best decision for me. Of course, things will not go 100% according to the "plan", but I felt mentally prepared for birth regardless.  I loved the activities she showed my husband and me to help bring on labor, which definitely worked!  Even though my husband and I took virtual childbirth classes through our hospital, I relied on Dena to help me decipher when I was actually going into labor (somehow I forgot everything we went over in the classes once the time arrived). I text Dena on Friday 1/6  (I was 39+3 at this point) to give her the details (I was cramping and lost my mucus plug,etc.) and she replied stating she may see me this weekend then. She was correct. I had my daughter the following day. I arrived at the hospital at 2AM (Dena arriving shortly after), and gave birth at 2PM. She was so valuable in helping me work thru my contractions and ensure I understood what was occurring around me and to me. My birth experience was a positive one thanks to Dena! 


Andrew1/25/2023Working with Dena was one of the best decisions my wife and I made during our pregnancy. We contacted her about two months before our due date, and she was gracious enough to give us hours of her time explaining how the process would work (even recommending meeting in person before signing the contract). That openness and authenticity alleviated any concerns with working together.For the weeks leading up to birth, Dena frequently checked in on us and had both a remote and in-person check-in, helping us create a thorough birth plan and teaching us various exercises like perineal massages. All of this was critical for the actual birth and eventual recovery.However, Dena's expertise proved most valuable during labor and delivery. While my wife was suffering through piercing contractions, Dena implemented some hip presses/exercises that helped her endure the pain better, and stuck with the birth plan we created even though anesthesiologists were getting a bit pushy. With Dena's support, my wife was able to toughen it out almost 6 hours before getting an epidural, and gave birth to a healthy baby boy about 9 hours in with only a first-degree tear (despite my wife's small stature). To this day, my wife cannot imagine getting through the entire ordeal without Dena (at least without losing parts of her sanity).Since coming home, Dena has continued to check in and came for a postpartum visit to help us get settled with our baby. It would be an understatement to say that Dena mentally, physically, and emotionally got us through this whirlwind of a journey, and we're so grateful that she was there every step of the way.


Cierra McNair1/22/2023Part 2:Two days later on Wednesday 1/11/23 (31 weeks 5 days), the baby's heartbeat was no longer showing the normal variability, and the decision was made around 10 PM that he needed to be delivered by emergency C-Section. I was so afraid. First I called my husband to come back to the hospital, then I called Dena. They both arrived within 20 minutes of my calls. Although only my husband could be in the OR with me during the surgery, I wanted Dena there for comfort and support for me, my husband, and my mom. Everyone was really stressed and anxious, while also being hopeful and excited to meet the baby. Dena was already running on little sleep but she was amazing. After the delivery at 11:45 PM she stayed for hours and helped me to hand express colostrum for the baby. With her help we got a lot!Her help early on with breastfeeding has been vital. The baby is in the NICU still and will be there for a total of 4-6 weeks. Because of Dena, I had the tools I needed to get my breastmilk flowing really well so that I can take it to the NICU daily for his feedings. It makes me feel so good that I can contribute to his health and wellness. I know that with the stressed state of mind I was in from the shock of the impending pre-term birth and hospital stay in general, I wouldn't have gotten off to as good a start without Dena.Dena has been checking in on us since the delivery, given advice, and is available for my questions any time. She has offered to come help us open boxes of baby stuff, and also to come by the NICU to help with breast feeding when baby is ready to try (unfortunately only 3 people are allowed to visit the NICU over the whole course of his stay so me, my husband, and mom fill that quota already). I am looking forward to her coming to see us at home after the baby is discharged from the NICU!I am so happy that we went with Dena. She is an amazing human and amazing doula. Highly recommend. 10 out of 10!


Cierra McNair1/22/2023PART 1:Dena became a part of our son's birth during an unexpectedly scary and difficult time. My husband and I had been living between apartments in DC and Brooklyn.  I was getting all my care at an OB office in DC and the plan was to deliver there in March (due date 3/10/23). We originally had a great doula in DC who we had met with several times and were very happy with.  Then, on New Years Eve (12/31/22), my water broke at 30 weeks 1 day and I was admitted to the hospital. The medical goal was to get the baby to 34 weeks (1/7/23) and then deliver. I was distraught with this turn of events and let my doula know the next day what was happening. She said that she was going to talk to a doula friend of hers in NYC to see if we could find a doula here. At first I contemplated just letting go of my plan to have a doula since everything was so out of my control at this point and I didn't know if I had the energy to get connected with someone new.  I got Dena's number that day and decided to text her.  Dena was great from the start. We texted and then set up a phone call, after which my husband and I agreed we really liked her and wanted her to be our doula. We zoom meeting on that Friday discussing a birth plan, which she really broke down certain potential aspects of the delivery based on what was going on with my pregnancy specifically. I could tell how knowleadgeable she was from that Zoom meeting. She came to the hospital to meet with us on the following Monday and showed my husband some massage and positioning maneuvers that could help me be more comfortable in labor. She also gave us tons of information about the postpartum period. When she left she let us know she was available to us any time by call or text. We were crossing our fingers to get the baby to 34 weeks.  Continued...


Alexis1/7/2023We were so fortunate to have Dena as our doula during our perinatal journey. Her extensive knowledge of childbirth and newborn care, combined with her background in Chinese Medicine and Massage, made us confident in our decision to have her by our side. Dena made every effort to support us in every way possible, including multiple home visits leading up to and after the birth of our daughter. She worked with my husband to give him the confidence and skills he needed to help comfort me during labor.In fact, our labor ended up being a precipitous 3-hour birth, leaving no time to get to the hospital or to our provider. Dena arrived quickly and evaluated the situation, instructing my husband to call the paramedics. When they arrived, Dena advocated for my needs and wishes, even though the emergency workers had a different agenda. She rode in the ambulance with us to the hospital and remained with us until we were settled in.Since the birth, Dena has been in constant contact with us and has gone above and beyond to help us transition into parenthood. Her postpartum visits brought great comfort to my husband and me as we struggled to figure out how to feed our baby girl. Dena has a great sense for what is needed in any given moment - she knows when to speak up, when to nurture, and when to be invisible. Finding the right doula was a very difficult journey for me...Dena was so incredibly patient throughout that time. It is so clear that I made the right choice!! We will forever be grateful to have had Dena as our doula!!!


Sara12/14/2022I would highly recommend using Dena as a doula! She is extremely knowledgeable and took the time to make sure that I was informed and that my voice was being heard. Thinking back at my labor, I don't know what I would have done if Dena was not in the room with me. She was there to comfort me, give me different exercises to do to move along labor, apply counter pressure when needed, and make sure that I was comfortable with all the decisions that needed to be made. She also pushed for breastfeeding right away which I attribute to why my baby was able to latch so well.


Jaimie11/30/2022Dena is an absolute delight! She is extraordinarily knowledgeable on anything and everything baby and post-partum. She's an amazing partner and team player in the early post-partum weeks and months and an extremely calming presence. She has a healing quality about her that is a pleasure to have around. I only wish she could stay forever!


Connie9/27/2022Prior to being pregnant, I had encountered many people who had great birthing experiences with a doula. This motivated me to seek one for myself as well when I got pregnant. I came across Dena on the Boober. She was very responsive right from the beginning. We had our first talk on the phone and she was very informative and answered any questions I had. Immediately, I decided on using her services as a doula. She also encouraged meeting with me in person before I signed the contract, which was really nice of her. She showed my husband some moves to help me during contractions and provided me materials to prep my body for delivery. My birth plan consisted of an unmedicated birth (no epidural) and other things and I was able to achieve them with Dena's help. She played a HUGE role in prepping my body and providing me physical and emotional support during labor. I could not have done it without her! I highly recommend working with Dena if you are looking for a more holistic approach to a natural delivery! 


Andi7/21/2022Dena is a phenomenal doula! From the moment I first talked with Dena, I could tell she's a very personable, easy going person who will also stick up for you during your pregnancy, birth and, beyond. And she went above and beyond my expectations! One of the big reasons we went with Dena over other doulas we interviewed was her ability to put her own preferences for birth aside to be a true confidant through the whole birthing process without judgment or expectation. The prenatal informational meetings we had were so helpful for my husband and I to think through the birth and postpartum. And during my labor, Dena was so helpful. It did not go according to plan and went a lot longer than I ever expected and Dena was there through it all, providing a sounding board for ideas, reassurance during and after the really tough times and her strong hands/arms to provide accupressure where I needed it the most. She took beautiful pictures of me, my husband and our baby, too. And postpartum she's been a huge help too with everything from nursing guidance to swaddling help to ideas for helping our baby sleep (he hates sleeping!). And recently she crowdsourced some info for us about how to make our baby happier in his car seat. I am so grateful to Dena, without her as my doula I don't know what my husband and I would've done. She seriously has gone above and beyond and has been a true companion through this whole process. I would highly recommend her as a doula to anyone! 


Irene McGee7/18/2022Dena is amazing. She is patient and caring and smart and intuitive. She was wonderful with the baby and the whole family. I can't recommend her enough. She is very knowledgeable


Lanette7/17/2022Dena has been a very big help to my family .. i am a new mom to twins she comes in and takes over for late nights and gives me words of encouragement and positivity. deba takes very good care of the twins and leaves notes for the morning on details that happened in the night . Dena is a great support to parents and babies on whatever they need 


Melissa Bayern7/17/2022Hiring Dena to be my doula was one of the best decisions of my entire life, and that is not hyperbolic!Having her at my birth made me feel safe and calm, and she honestly did not miss a beat emotionally, physically, and spiritually during a very difficult labor.   I'm so so happy she was there for me and my husband. She also helped to guide my husband to better help me and feel more comfortable. I would recommend her to anyone - she is honestly a guardian angel!u 