DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 TESTIMONIALS

Dorothy Zittel

DorothyZ Doula Services

New Windsor, NY  Service range 50 miles  I prefer birth clients to be within a 1 hour drive, which generally consists of Orange County, Dutchess County, Ultster County, Sullivan County, and Westchester County

646-867-4008

Birth Fee

$850 to $900

Postpartum Rate

$40

Availability Remarks: I am available Monday through Friday for day time support.

CONTACT DOROTHY VIEW DOROTHY'S AVAILABILITY

Kristyn Martin6/25/2021I can't recommend Dorothy enough. She is an intuitive, gentle, nurturing doula who helped me in so many critical ways during my difficult postpartum period. I called her when I was desperate. I was drowning in emotions, hormones, fatigue and just general postpartum chaos. With no family nearby, my husband and I were muddling through the first few weeks of our sweet child's life. But I needed care and restorative attention and Dorothy gave that to me.  She has a gentle energy. She came into our home and helped me in ways I didn't even know I needed: making me restorative tea infusions packed with iron and calcium to help my lactation, making delicious snacks for the fridge so I could grab them anytime, washing and organizing bottles, even setting up cushions in our outdoor area when we were too tired to do so ... so we could sit outside and enjoy the sunshine. We also just had good conversations. At the end of our time together I and my husband considered her a friend.  She's at the beginning of her doula journey but in addition to her education, she has an instinctive ability to nurture and restore. I cannot recommend her enough.


Kristyn Martin6/25/2021I can't recommend Dorothy enough. She is an intuitive, gentle, nurturing doula who helped me in so many critical ways during my difficult postpartum period. I called her when I was desperate. I was drowning in emotions, hormones, fatigue and just general postpartum chaos. With no family nearby, my husband and I were muddling through the first few weeks of our sweet child's life. But I needed care and restorative attention and Dorothy gave that to me.  She has a gentle energy. She came into our home and helped me in ways I didn't even know I needed: making me restorative tea infusions packed with iron and calcium to help my lactation, making delicious snacks for the fridge so I could grab them anytime, washing and organizing bottles, even setting up cushions in our outdoor area when we were too tired to do so ... so we could sit outside and enjoy the sunshine. We also just had good conversations. At the end of our time together I and my husband considered her a friend.  She's at the beginning of her doula journey but in addition to her education, she has an instinctive ability to nurture and restore. I cannot recommend her enough.