DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
4 TESTIMONIALS

Ebone Gedeon

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island

3479865090

https://www.ebthedoula.com/

Birth Fee

$1000 to $2000

Black Doula

CONTACT EBONE VIEW EBONE 'S AVAILABILITY

Sandy Sitron1/24/2022Ebone is incredible! I am so grateful that she was there for me during my birth experience. She is professional, calm and compassionate. Ebone is truly intuitive and knew just how to help me during my labor.When she arrived she was able to help me manage my pain so that I didn't need an epidural. I gave birth to a 9 lb 7 oz baby and I felt so strong and powerful. So much of this truly positive experience I attribute to Ebone and her support. She kept me grounded by massaging my calves and coaching me and I was able to stay focused on my mediation process through out active labor. I don't think this would have been possible without her.Initially, I wasn't sure that I wanted a doula and I am so glad that I ended up deciding to have one attend my birth, and that this special person was Ebone!  


Lauren Hollinger12/24/2021Ebone is warm, communicative, and professional, an excellent combination for us when welcoming someone new into our pregnancy and birth journey. My partner and I started working with her only a few weeks before our due date but could tell she would be a non-judgmental ally.Ebone acted as a sounding board as we made decisions with our doctors and provided helpful resources along the way but what we most appreciated was her intuition: she sensed when I needed encouragement towards the end of my pregnancy and was able to seamlessly jump into our unexpectedly very, very quick labor and delivery to make both my partner and me feel very supported in our first birthing experience. We'd definitely invite Ebone to join us on any future adventures. 


Lauren Hollinger12/22/2021Ebone is warm, communicative, and professional, an excellent combination for us when welcoming someone new into our pregnancy and birth journey. My partner and I started working with her only a few weeks before our due date but could tell she would be a non-judgmental ally.Ebone acted as a sounding board as we made decisions with our doctors and provided helpful resources along the way but what we most appreciated was her intuition: she sensed when I needed encouragement towards the end of my pregancy and was able to seamlessly jump into our unexpectedly very, very quick labor and delivery to make both my partner and me feel very supported in our first birthing experience. We'd definitely invite Ebone to join us on any future adventures. 


Danielle Alexander12/14/2021I  gave birth to my beautiful baby girl on 11/23. From the moment she became a part of my support team Ebone made me feel seen and heard and safe. I had so many fears about potential complications and a repeat of my last experience but she instilled confidence and calm. We were paired by carriage house and had a zoom consultation. From the moment I saw her face I knew it was a match. She has such a beautiful smile and positive demeanor and attitude. We had 2 prenatal visits during which we discussed what I had gone through previously and what I wanted from this experience. She was very grounded in facts but also positive. I believe that her experience as a mental healthcare worker has something to do with how well she understood my emotional needs. I wanted and needed someone who will enable me to speak up and self-advocate as well as advocate for me and she delivered. I went in without fear. Her presence gave me my voice and confidence back. She also prompted and encouraged me to self-advocate. During the labor, she got me everything I needed to enable my husband to remain by my side and provided some magical bodywork which provided relief and allowed me to push off asking for pain relief until I was in active labor (6 cm 100%). She provided the kind of support my husband could not and I felt that ultimately this support is what facilitated an uncomplicated vaginal delivery of my 10 lbs baby. She listened and was the prescience I needed. I would say that it was almost a spiritual experience she made me feel empowered. She also very tastefully reminded my husband that he wanted to cut the cord and captured some amazing birth and post-birth pictures (we discussed exactly what I felt comfortable with). She was everything I needed and more. She was present and also quiet and in the background when appropriate. She anticipated our needs at every moment. I strongly recommend her and will be hiring her for my next pregnancy. I only wish I had her for my first.