DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
19 TESTIMONIALS

Elizabeth Cano-Correa HypnoBirthing & Lamaze Certified Educator

Birth 1st: HOME BIRTH & LABOR AT HOME & HOSPITALS

Port Washington, NY  Service range 25 miles  I attend births in Manhattan, Queens, Long Island (Nassau) and Brooklyn

917-225-2584

http://www.birth1st.com

Birth Fee

$3250 to $3750

Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Michelle M.6/12/2022We’re truly so grateful for Elizabeth! It’s hard to express exactly how much she means to me and my husband. We cannot thank her enough!I found Elizabeth during my first pregnancy when I was looking for ways to ease my anxieties about the birthing process. My husband and I took Elizabeth’s Hypnobirthing course, which was such a calming experience and extremely beneficial, and then decided to hire her as our birth doula. That was the best decision ever! Elizabeth spent countless hours educating us in preparation of labor and delivery. We felt so well prepared for an event potentially filled with so many unknowns. I always felt safe and supported with Elizabeth by our side.Thanks to Elizabeth’s education and support I was able to have two unmedicated births, which is something I never thought possible for myself, until I found Elizabeth.Even after the births Elizabeth continued to be an incredible source of knowledge and assistance with breastfeeding support. She was immediately able to identify my son’s tongue and lip ties moments after his birth. The specialist she recommended for the revision was also amazing, we had a perfect experience. We also love the pediatrician our children see, another recommendation by Elizabeth.Besides being an incredible educator and doula, Elizabeth is an incredibly kind and loving person who is passionate about her profession, clients and their babies. We love Elizabeth and you will too!


Sandra12/29/2021Hypnobirthing Class Review: Elizabeth is a very knowledgeable, patient, and supportive instructor. Her personality makes her class very engaging and interesting. My favorite class session is when you envision your labor and delivery and choose how many hours you want to labor. That class session played a major part in motivating me to reach my goal of having an unmedicated birth. It led me to tap into the deeper parts of myself and my faith and that sparked me to practice the breathing and relaxation techniques daily leading up to the birth of my baby. My previous labor experiences were very long (on average 24 hours) and resulted in me being medicated but, because of my work with Elizabeth this time around I had a much different experience. I did not need any medication instead I was able to trust my body and embrace the sensations I was feeling as an indicator to breathe and relax and allow my baby to enter this world with ease. That’s what happened and in 3x’s less the time than my previous experiences. If you take Elizabeth’s hypnobirthing course and put in the time and effort to practice the skills that are taught in each session, you will not regret it!Doula Services Review: Elizabeth is a P-H-E-N-O-M-E-N-A-L doula. Elizabeth provided me with all the information that I needed to know in order to make the best decisions for myself. She ensured that I was well-informed prior to my labor & delivery so that I could be empowered to make the right choices for myself and my baby. She was nurturing, present, patient, and most importantly kind.  Everything that you need your doula to be! Elizabeth does this work with love & you can feel it in how she: comforts, embraces, encourages, respects, and talks with you. For these reasons, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Elizabeth as a doula and am ever so grateful that she was my doula!


Lauren Greco10/13/2021It’s difficult to put into words how strongly I would recommend Elizabeth both as a teacher of hypnobirthing and as a birth doula.  Every family should be so lucky as to be able to work with her to have the beautiful birth experience they deserve.In terms of the time and financial investment, WORTH EVERY MINUTE, WORTH EVERY PENNY.  My husband and I went into this knowing absolutely nothing about childbirth and by the end of the online course we felt relaxed and totally prepared.  I wanted a natural, unmedicated birth and that's exactly what I got!  As our doula, I felt very confident in working with Elizabeth.  It is like she was put on this earth to help mothers birth their babies in peace and comfort!  If there is someone who has found their calling in life, it is surely Elizabeth.  She is a wealth of knowledge that exceeds my understanding.  She's simply the best.She was prepared for everything,  (including pulling peppermint essential oils out of her Mary Poppins bag to ease my nausea and instant hot packs for my legs to calm my shivering!) Most importantly, Elizabeth was able to provide sound guidance and help me make decisions throughout my labor and delivery when I may not have been in the correct mind space to do so without her.My daughter's delivery went without a hitch, 6hrs start to finish in a hypnobirth that had the doctor saying “This is so unusual for a first time mother” and a L&D nurse saying “Whatttttt is this?  I’ve never seen anything like this before!” Truly amazing.   I know that my dream birth was only made possible by everything she taught me and without her, it would have been a much different experience.  I look forward to hopefully another beautiful birth story with her by my side in the future!


Danielle Peters6/21/2021Our family is so blessed that Elizabeth came into our lives. We began hypnobirthing classes with Elizabeth during the height of COVID and shortly after hired her as our doula as well. The education she provided gave us so much confidence, knowledge, and brought us so much calm, not only in preparing for labor but in our lives. Elizabeth provided so much more than support for the birth of our daughter. That being said, our daughter's birth was everything we were hoping for, natural and unmedicated! Labored at home and arrived at the hospital at 9cm. Our baby girl arrived less than 2 hours later. First time mom and no tearing. We feel so empowered by our experience that we plan to have a home birth next time around. Thank you Elizabeth for everything you have given us!


Ashley Jones8/7/2020Elizabeth was my birth doula. I gave birth to my son in February of 2020. Through her help I was able to have a completely unmedicated natural birth although the hospital where I gave birth is very intervention heavy. She gave me the tools, guidance and support both prior to my labor and during my labor so that I was 10 cm dilated by the time that I arrived at the hospital. Elizabeth has the ability to be calming yet direct when needed. For example I wasn’t doing as much preparation as I needed to with my Hypnobirthing and she told me that in order to achieve my goal I needed to dedicate more time and effort daily to really making Hypnobirthing a part of me. This approach really helped me to see that I needed to take a more active approach and through her guidance and support and my dedication I was able to achieve my goal of a natural unmedicated birth! She is amazing, I definitely recommend her and I will absolutely use her in the future should I be blessed with another child!


Diana A7/16/2020We are first time parents and Elizabeth was our doula. Throughout our pregnancy, she was a calm, reassuring presence and a fountain of knowledge. We took her hypnobirthing class which was very in-depth and packed with lots of information of the birthing process, what to expect during the labor and delivery, and how to be calm and relaxed, and still utilize the lessons we learned to this day.I had originally planned a hospital birth with an obgyn. But really, what I wanted was a natural home birth with as minimal interventions as possible. I just wasn’t sure if I could actually go through labor without any pain medications. Throughout my time with Elizabeth, she gave me information about home births without pushing the idea onto me. She believed in me and instilled that confidence in me. Our beautiful baby boy was born at home in May which wouldn’t be possible without Elizabeth’s help.If you are looking for a highly knowledgeable, caring, and supportive doula, I highly recommend Elizabeth. We are forever thankful to her.


Janine Viti4/10/2020Words can not express our gratitude for Elizabeth’s presence! She is just absolutely amazing! Elizabeth was such an incredible support throughout my pregnancy and birth of my son. We took her hypnobirthing class which we found to be extremely beneficial. I had such a calm and wonderful pregnancy, which I believe had a lot to do with all the hypnobirthing I did. My son is also a very happy and calm baby, which I attribute to hypnobirthing. It was also very useful during my labor.Elizabeth was my doula and provided me with a wealth of information throughout my pregnancy. I felt prepared and confident. I believe the most amazing benefit was that I did not have any fear surrounding my pregnancy or birth. The day of my birth she comforted me and guided me every step of the way. Even when things did not go as planned, she provided reassurance and empowered me to have the best birth possible. I highly recommend Elizabeth. She is kind, knowledgeable and understanding. She is like having your best friend with you! I couldn’t imagine my birthing process without her, and she will always have a very special place in my heart.


Natalie12/22/2019I thought Elizabeth was pretty incredible the first time, when I had my firstborn but she superseded ALL of my expectations the second time around. Thanks to Elizabeth I finally reached my goal of having an unmedicated natural delivery in a hospital. The first time there were unforeseen events that prevented me from reaching that goal but this time we had nothing stopping us and we did it! She believed in me when I stopped believing in myself. She pushed me with the right amount of passion, sensitivity, and compassion that I needed to give birth to my baby without any pain medication. It’s thanks to her and everything she has taught my husband and I that I managed  to labor at home and reach 8cm nearly pain free. I felt so empowered and it was all thanks to Elizabeth. I’m beyond grateful to her and I pray that every single woman out there feels power and control over her own body and gives birth in the way that she chooses to. Personally, I couldn’t do that without Elizabeth. I’ll forever be grateful to her. Of note - an old friend who I don’t speak to that often anymore, hired Elizabeth as well and felt so compelled to thank me after giving birth to her first born. She felt such immense gratitude for me simply sharing Elizabeth with her. Says a lot when two old friends who don’t speak to each other anymore share a mutual feeling about one person and can come together to support each other during such an extraordinary life event.


Karen11/23/2019My husband and I are first time parents and we worked with Elizabeth throughout my pregnancy. If you're looking for a doula to support you during your pregnancy and labor, we would highly recommend you reach out to Elizabeth!  We took private hypnobirthing classes with Elizabeth at our home and I applied the lessons learned not only on the actual labor day, but everyday throughout the pregnancy to remain calm. While my pregnancy was smooth, the actual labor was not and we are so grateful to have Elizabeth by our side, literally holding my hand each step of the way, especially at our home during contractions and in the labor and delivery room. She not only served as our advocate, but she also provided alot of background information on what the nurses and doctors were doing. We were presented different options by hospital staff and she helped explain what those meant and worked alongside the nurses when our baby was not in an ideal position.  She is so caring, very patient and encouraged us to find out facts so we can make an informed decision that works for us. Most importantly, she gave us peace of mind, comfort and instilled calmness during labor when things weren't going as anticipated. Her presence helped create a positive birth experience when it could have easily been nerve-wrecking.  After the birth of our baby, she came to our home to support me on breastfeeding and recommended other specialists to me. We are so incredibly thankful to have Elizabeth as our support system throughout my pregnancy and birth of our child. 


Nellie11/20/2019Elizabeth is a godsend; she is worth every penny and more!  She was extremely helpful for my childbirth.  I have a history of precipitous labor (one birth was 4 hour total, and 2nd one was 3 hour total), and I was worried that neither my doctor or Elizabeth will make it to my birth. I conveyed that to Elizabeth.  On the day of my delivery at 6am, she came to the hospital within 5 minutes of my arrival; gave me a sense of relief.  During the intense contractions, she was there right by my side.  I was literally holding her hand and breathing through each one of the contractions.  Elizabeth was also a strong advocate for us.  I had injured my SI joint during a previous childbirth, and Elizabeth made suggestions for me to be in various birthing positions.  Since I was able to labor in different positions (on birthing ball and upright), I experienced no added joint pain this time.Elizabeth also suggested intermittent fetal heart rate monitoring (to allow me in different laboring positions), and luckily my doctor also agreed.  I was able to go 1/2 hr on and 1/2 hr off the monitor.  My baby was born with one arm out, and while the other arm stayed in.  I was able to manage through the pain without epidural and in the end without a tear!  We are very grateful for Elizabeth's help!


Hety9/2/2019Elizabeth will always have a piece of my heart for the amazing level of knowledge, comfort, and support she brought to my first birth. She helped us prepare thoroughly for a natural birth but it was when things didn't go as planned that she brought the most value - she helped turn my son from a breech position, showing up super early to my labor right when I needed the most suppport, reassuring me along the way, and being the reason my son is a latch pro thanks to her incredible lactation skills. We love Elizabeth and so will you. Book her ASAP!


Jocelyn Dupre2/6/2019We did Elizabeth’s Hypnobirthing class and she was my doula. She not only taught my everything about childbirth and Hypnobirthing but she also helped to instill a strong confidence in me that my birth would be amazing. The Hypnobirthing was also an incredible skill to learn and something I use to this day to help me relax.My time with Elizabeth helped me to enter my journey as a mother on a strong powerful footing. She was there during my entire 2.5 days of labor, comforting and encouraging me and providing everything I needed in each moment. She supported my husband and even helped to guide the hospital staff to make sure my wishes came true. During the most intense moments she knew exactly how to guide me through.After the birth, she came to my house at the most critical moment when the doctors were telling me I had to supplement with formula and helped me to realize all I needed to do was pump and top off with bottles. She also recommended specialists to check for a tongue tie and it turns out my son did have one. If it wasn’t for her, I would have listened to my pediatrician and my entire breastfeeding journey would be different.She was an amazing resource at every turn, providing me with support and knowledge and connecting me with others when it was outside of her realm of expertise.Hiring Elizabeth was the best decision I could have made and I’m so happy she helped us to get our little family started on a positive footing. She is also so incredibly friendly and kind. And she knows her stuff. Elizabeth introduced me to evidence based websites and information so that I learned to make informed decisions. She was never pushy and always provided me with information and options and supported me in what I wanted to do.My husband and I are eternally grateful. And so is our little boy who just turned 13 months!


Mariana Gordon2/14/2018We found Elizabeth late in my pregnancy about 7 1/2 months and even so my husband and I learned so much from her classes ! When we met Elizabeth she was friendly, kind, and explained everything we had to learn with her, and on our own, so it can be a successful pregnancy! Even though we found Elizabeth late she still managed to teach me everything I needed to know and feel prepared for my birth! Since we liked her so much we decided to hire her as a Doula! We couldn’t ask for a better support system! She was amazing throughout the whole process and guided me through everything! Without her I wouldn’t have had such a smooth and amazing birthing experience!!


Megan Franzen2/3/2018We had an amazing experience with Elizabeth - both as a birth educator and a doula. She guided us through the Hypnobirthing preparation process, which was intensive in a good way - meaning that there was reading material, breathing and visualization to practice, videos to watch, and audio guided meditations. Elizabeth helped us pace ourselves throughout the weeks leading up to the birth so that my husband, son, and I felt adequately prepared. For busy families like us, we found that she was extremely respectful of our time and schedule and showed up to meetings very prepared and professional.As a doula, she was caring, considerate, kind and thoughtful. My husband and I both found her sympathetic and a great communicator. She took the time to meet with our midwife and level set around several key expectations. During the birth, I found her an absolute gem. She was everywhere I needed her to be and nowhere I didn’t want her. She encouraged me through difficult patches and acted as an advocate for me and my wishes. We had a homebirth and it was beautiful and amazing with her as part of our team.After the birth, she participated in the clean-up and the care of me and my family in the hour or two after the birth. She made sure we were all set to be on our own by the time she left us, snuggly together in our bed with our beautiful new baby girl. She also did post-partum check-ins giving me support around breast feeding, sleeping (myself and the baby) and paid special attention to my son both during the birth and after.She is such a honored part of our family now that we invited her to the baby’s baptism and we were absolutely blessed that she and her family attended.


Jill MacLeese Barriteau6/20/2017Elizabeth recently acted as my doula for the labor and birth of my first child. My husband and I already have agreed that she was invaluable and will be one of the first people we call when we decide to have a second. Elizabeth is so wonderful and I would recommend her to anyone who is pregnant and considering doula services. She is kind, caring, thorough and has a wealth of knowledge when it comes to a woman's laboring body. Five minutes into our initial meeting I knew I wanted her to be my doula. She has tons of information on natural birth, labor positions and goes through all birth preferences with both parents in multiple meetings prior to the big day. She is also available by phone to discuss and address any questions/ worries that may come up as the big day approaches.When my daughter decided to make her arrival, not everything went as planned. As I labored, I dilated quickly and then took 8 more hours to finally deliver. My baby was in an awkward position and did not want to come down even though I was 10cm dilated. The hospital was quick to suggest epidurals, pitocin etc. Elizabeth worked with my midwife, husband and doctors as an advocate for me and my original birthplace to have as natural of a birth as possible. She helped talk me off the ledge many times when I thought I wanted to give up. She was so supportive and did whatever was needed to try to keep me comfortable and encouraged (massage, acupressure to increase contractions, use of essential oils, getting me ice/ water to keep me hydrated, speaking words of encouragement and talking me through every contraction etc. etc. etc.).She truly loves what she does and her dedication to her clients is amazing. I honestly don't know what I would have done without her love and support. I can not thank her enough for everything she has done for me and my family. Thank you Elizabeth!!!


J Phelps Rivas11/23/2016I am a first time mom and a bit of a nerd. I always wanted to have a natural birth. As soon as I found out I was pregnant, I started researching the best way to make that happen. I decided I wanted a doula to assist me with my birth. My family, my husband and most of my friends never heard of a doula and I received a lot of skepticism regarding my decision. However, I can say without hesitation, having Elizabeth assist me with my delivery was one of the best decisions I made during my pregnancy. Elizabeth was consistently personable and available throughout my pregnancy and after my son was born.I made a detailed birth plan and one of my fears was having an induction. I thought if I had an induction I would not be able to withstand the contractions and my natural birth plan would go out the window. Long story short, unfortunately I had to be induced. As soon as I knew that induction was inevitable, Elizabeth and I worked on a plan. Her knowledge made it possible for me to better advocate for myself throughout my labor. She worked with my husband and I using accupressure, essential oils and candles to activate my natural contractions to the point the nurses were able to turn the pitocin off! After approximately 12 hours of labor, I had a beautiful baby boy. No epidural needed. Aside from my baby, the best feeling that I took away from the experience was the sense of personal empowerment. I had a lot of doubters, including the hospital staff but I think I used that negativity to motivate me. It wasn't the birth I planned but it was best outcome for me. I am thankful Elizabeth helped make it possible.PS- I took a hynobirthing class prior to delivery. Elizabeth encouraged me to take the class and reinforced the techniques that I learned in class during labor. I think that definitely assisted in keeping me from losing my ish during labor.


Jaime Weisberg3/26/2016I highly recommend Elizabeth Cano-Correa as a birth doula - she was with us for the birth of our son, Eli - March 19, 2016She was kind, caring, and incredibly skilled - I don't think I could have had the birth I wanted without her.  She helped us prepare for the birth by practicing pain management techniques; explaining and understanding my preferences, options, and strategies to make sure our wishes were honored, and going over details for when labor began.She was available for support by phone/email up until birth. Her support during the birth was amazing - she was by our side as a coach and support person and made sure that our key wishes were honored immediately after birth (skin-to-skin contact, delayed cord clamping, and breastfeeding before anything else was done).  She also visited our home once again after the birth to follow-up. Can't say enough good things about her!Jaime, mom of 5yr old Sammy and baby Eli!


Anuraj Dua2/28/2016We were very fortunate to have Elizabeth as our doula. She is an experienced, compassionate and positive minded person who had an immense impact on our birth experience.My wife and I, expecting our first baby, wanted a doula who had experience, shared our philosophy of a natural birth, and with whom we would feel comfortable in our most intimate and stressful moments. We met a few doulas before deciding to work with Elizabeth as we felt she had all the qualities we were looking for. She was an important part of our team and continuously found ways to help us out.The introductory meeting and Q&A, and in-person sessions to go over the labor pain relief techniques were very helpful and hands on. Having one-on-one sessions with her was very valuable and made us feel prepared and ready. Also during the pregnancy there will be many times when you want an informed and unbiased opinion - about various tests, exams, supplements etc., and Elizabeth is always willing and able to help. In fact many times she went beyond our already high expectations.She helped us prepare a birth plan that reflected our philosohy and was very supportive of things we cared about.During the birth, Elizabeth was extremely calm, helpful and made us feel comfortable. The pregnancy and birth process is a very exciting time, but it is also an uncertain time, and having Elizabeth's experience, mindfulness and positive-energy on our team made a huge difference for us.We are forever thankful to Elizabeth for her help, support and kindness!


Isabella Kantek7/27/2015Through Elizabeth's touching work and knowledge my views about labor and birth expanded and started to take shape, my deepest feelings connected to such a special moment submerged and I was able to allow them the space and attention they need in order for me to learn from them. Elizabeth's experience, honesty and confidence brought us, my husband and I, the confidence and a sense of peace in the processing of preparing to our son's arrival. She was always available to answer questions big or small. Her positive, warm and friendly attitude helped us to keep our focus and make important decisions during the most difficult part of pregnancy and labor, guiding us in the process of finding the right practitioner for our family for example, which can be overwhelming. Post birth her experience was fundamental, specially during the first two weeks when the breastfeeding relationship is being stablished and and we need knowledge and support to navigate high and lows. We have learned so much from Elizabeth and feel blessed to have her share one the most precious moments that a family can have, childbirth. Doulas are a blessing to our society. ~ Kantek Family