DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
5 TESTIMONIALS

Elizabeth Casasnovas Calderon, LCCE, CD, CLC, RYT

Beacon Birth

Beacon, NY  Service range 40 miles

347-400-8094

http://www.beaconbirth.com

Birth Fee

$1750 to $2400

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $60

CONTACT ELIZABETH VIEW ELIZABETH'S AVAILABILITY

Lucia Watson3/25/2022Elizabeth is a surprise gem, I feel extremely lucky to have found her, working with her was the best decision I could’ve made for the birth of our son.She is a natural, after working with her I could tell that being a Birth Doula is definitely her life’s calling. Her personality is warm, compassionate and friendly but also thorough and assertive when needed - this plays a great role during the labor and birth. She provided great support for both myself and my husband, and allowed  him the right combination of space to participate how we wanted with the labor and delivery.During the labor she used pressure points theuraputic touch to provide pressure relief from the increasingly intense contractions. I’d say my birth was atleast 50% or more, less painful because Elizabeth was there anticipated the pain and providing exceptional douhla support. She is very humble but her experience and wisdom guided me through from two months prior , to during the labor and delivery, to over a month post pardum.Thanks you again to Elizabeth for helping me deliver my huge and healthy 10 lb baby boy all naturally - It was all meant to be, your compassionate work is truly a blessing.


Ana7/28/2021The best decision we made to prepare for the birth of our daughter was hiring Elizabeth. She’s extremely knowledgeable, friendly, kind, and prompt to respond to all our communication and questions. The prenatal visits and classes made us feel prepared and cared for. I can happily say that my hospital unmedicated birthing experience was a positive one and I wouldn’t have done without Elizabeth’s support. She was right there to offer physical and emotional support when I needed it and was a source of encouragement when I felt like I couldn’t keep going. Since we’ve brought our daughter home, she has continued to support and check in as we adjust to life with our new baby. We wholeheartedly recommend Elizabeth’s services. Thank you for being part of such a magical  moment, Elizabeth! We’ll be forever grateful ! ??


Lauren Stapleton7/21/2021Elizabeth went above and beyond, and was more than we could have ever expected! She was available whenever I had a question or thought and checked in on me throughout my pregnancy to chat about any concerns or thoughts I was having. She prepared us so much for the natural birth I wanted, and we could not have done that without her!I had an intense labor, and Elizabeth stayed with me for hours after our birth to make sure my partner and I were ok, that I had help learning to breast pump, and made sure we had food!Elizabeth didn’t stop there either, she has contacted me often to check in after the birth of our son, and most importantly has checked in with me to see how I was handling the transition to mother hood.I would recommend Elizabeth to anyone! Birth is no joke, and support is much needed- Elizabeth was more than we could have ever imagined!


Irene Brenner6/16/2021Elizabeth helped with the VBAC delivery of my daughter on 4-25-21. I will be forever grateful for her patience and kindness! I went into this delivery with a lot of trauma from my first (a failed induction that resulted in a c section in 2018), a lot of distrust of the medical system, and very high anxiety. When late term complications again required an induction, I was absolutely distraught. Elizabeth helped me to navigate the emotional chaos and stay focused on the outcome I wanted: A healthy baby born via VBAC and with minimal medical intervention. My second induction was smooth and so much less painful than the first. Elizabeth was calm and encouraging throughout as she helped me with positioning and alternative means of pain management (TENS, counter pressure, pressure points, etc). After almost 12 hrs post-induction, I pushed my baby out in under 30 minutes with no epidural. I progressed so quickly at the end that my medical team didn’t believe me when I told them I needed to push. Elizabeth never doubted me for a moment. My husband and I recommend her most highly.


Tiffany Mason2/8/2016John and I had such a beautiful home birth experience. We could not have done it without Elizabeth. During the first visit with Elizabeth, she was very understanding of our birth plan and I felt like she really wanted to support us during our journey to parenthood. During my pregnancy, Elizabeth provided great one-on-one birthing classes, along with group classes. During labor, Elizabeth was beside me the entire time. John and I are very happy to have met Elizabeth. She is not only our doula, but we see her as a good friend. If you're looking to work with a doula who pays attention to details and gives you personal care, I highly recommend working with Elizabeth! - Tiffany and John Mason, New York, NY