DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 TESTIMONIALS

Elizabeth Miller

Oyster Bay, NY  Service range 35 miles

http://www.mizliller.com

Birth Fee

$1600 to $2900

CONTACT ELIZABETH VIEW ELIZABETH'S AVAILABILITY

Suzanne Oddsen5/3/2020Liz was such an integral part of my baby’s birth story. It was my first pregnancy and birth, and I wanted the experience to be natural, calm and empowering. Being a very anxious person, I needed someone who could help make this happen, and when I took a yoga class with Liz, I knew she was a perfect fit for me. She has an incredibly serene, peaceful presence that just makes everything better! Liz guided me through yoga and Hypnobirthing sessions that kept my body and mind feeling healthy throughout my pregnancy and ready for the birth. She was very knowledgeable in both aspects, and so much more. After working with her on my birth plan, I felt so prepared; it was great to be able to feel calm and excited towards the end!When labor started, my husband and I knew what to do, and her assistance with managing the pain was so comforting. Despite having a very long labor (38 hours, 18 of them in the hospital) she helped everything go according to my plan. When changes came up that weren’t my first choice, she was essential in keeping me calm and helping me make the right decision. I ended up pushing for two and a half hours, and I believe without her as a part of my team, I may have been put into an unnecessary c-section. I’m beyond grateful for the encouraging environment that kept me going through my most vulnerable and mentally drained state.Afterwards, I felt that I had the exact birth experience I wanted. I was so empowered by what I did, and my baby and I had once in a lifetime moments before the medical world stepped in.I’m still using the hypnosis techniques and yoga to help with postpartum stress, and just everyday relaxation! We are so grateful we had her there for us. Thanks so much Liz!


Christie Puccio1/27/2020What is a doula? At first I asked myself this and wondered is it worth exploring further. I found Liz Miller and after speaking to her, I knew she was “the one”.  Liz went above and beyond to make me and my partner feel mentally/physically comfortable, well informed and safe. She took her time to listen to my thoughts and concerns and gave me the most curated books and readings tailored to my needs. Liz is an incredible source of knowledge and wisdom. She has a sense of calm which feels almost “Buddha-like”. I also took some private pre-natal yoga classes with her. My body felt re-energized even during my 9th month! I was taught useful deep breathing exercises and yoga positions that were effective during my labor. I ended up in labor over night for over 20 hours. Liz stuck by my side, and even slept over night in the hospital. I have never met or heard of such a dedicated doula! She loves what she does and incorporates all that she’s studied into her practice. It’s hard to articulate just how grateful I am to have had Liz as my doula, because there are not enough words to describe just how much she helped me throughout my pregnancy and during birth. I highly suggest all moms consider getting a doula, and I highly recommend you work with Liz Miller.