DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
5 TESTIMONIALS

Federica Biondo

MY DOULA FEDE

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island

http://www.mydoulafede.com

Birth Fee

$2500 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$75

CONTACT FEDERICA VIEW FEDERICA 'S AVAILABILITY

Nicola Wild2/3/2023I am very happy and grateful that I had Federica as a key part of my experience, she took me through the birth of my beautiful son, not only as my doula, but also as my one and only birth partner. Throughout the lead up to, during and after, Fede supported my decisions, when I chose to have a c-section right through to having to make a complaint with the hospital. She gave her thoughts and advice but respected my choices always and I felt confident because she was with me. It was a very emotional experience having a baby without any family or partner present and I really felt that Fede understood the extra importance of her role with me on that special day. I appreciated her honest and candid opinions on all aspects of birthing, she isn’t someone who will just tell you what you want to hear. Thank you Fede!! - Nicola


Rebecca Rindler2/3/2023Federica helped me immensely in the postpartum period to get back to myself. She took me through nurturing yoga poses to stretch and relax my body. She helped me process my birth and gave me valuable insights into changing my thought process, which helped me to heal. Federica assisted me with nursing and ensuring that my baby was latching correctly right away. Most importantly, she was someone I could trust with my baby from the beginning. She watched my baby and made sure she napped and was cared for, which in turn allowed me to get some much needed rest. I'm so glad Federica was part of our village for this birth - Rebecca


Elizabeth Bernstein2/3/2023Fede was our doula for my second birth. We couldn’t have found a better doula! She trained me in yoga throughout my entire pregnancy preparing me for an extremely successful homebirth. I learned so much about my body by working with Fede, prenatal, during labor and postnatal. She is one of those magical people who is just naturally talented at what she does - this is truly her calling. She’s extremely kind and caring as well and was always checking in with me on things I would never think of for myself. She’s extremely thorough and a phenomenal support before, during and after birth. I had a natural home birth and with her support and instruction I was able to push my baby out much quicker than if she hadn’t been there. She’s very well versed in the human body musculoskeletal and how it operates which is priceless when you're in labor and pushing. She makes you feel so comfortable and empowered in your own body. Fede has a plethora of knowledge about breastfeeding and even helped me with my first son when I was not finding any of the right answers with several different lactation consultants. I successfully breastfed my first son for over 2 years thanks to Fede! We love Fede and will of course use her again for our third! - Elizabeth


Rosa3/12/2021 Federica was the first and only doula that we interviewed to be a support at the birth of our second son. We were immediately drawn to her knowledge and passion for her work. She was incredibly supportive of me as I neared full term, answering any questions or concerns that I had about the days to come. She let my husband and I lead the way in the type of experience we wanted and worked really hard to make that happen. The birth of our son was a time of pure joy and excitement also thanks to her. Federica is an incredible birth companion. She is a great yoga teacher as well so her touch and presence is very calming and nurturing.  


Nicole2/15/2021Hi, Federica helped me a lot after giving birth, especially with regard to breastfeeding. thanks to her I have never felt inadequate, no matter what decision I made. She always knew how to advise me well and she gave me peace of mind, in my opinion a quality of fundamental importance. I owe a lot to her. we still talk and her always gives me very useful advice.I hope I have been useful, have a nice day.Nicole