DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
18 TESTIMONIALS

Hannah Gray (CD, LC)

Working in partnership with Cady McVay

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  Travel costs to in person events are reimbursed by clients.

6145003259

https://www.happinestbirth.com/cady-hannah-doulas

Birth Fee

$1500 to $3500

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $50

Availability Remarks: We book about 6months out at any given time. So sent an inquiry to discuss more asap!

CONTACT HANNAH VIEW HANNAH'S AVAILABILITY

Liidia6/28/2022Hannah made a tremendous impact on our family in the time she worked with us following the birth of our second child. I have never worked with a postpartum doula before so was unsure what to expect, and Hannah immediately put me at ease during our initial video consultations to discuss what I was looking for. She has a natural warmth and calming personality that is infectious - when she came to our home my husband and I right away felt that we had brought in the right person to help us care for our newborn. Hannah primarily supported us with cooking and overnight stays - her meals are absolutely delicious and I trusted her completely with our daughter while we were able to get some sleep. She was so great that we actually extended our hours with her after our package was complete. Overall I feel very fortunate to have gotten to know Hannah, and highly recommend her to parents also looking for support during this time. She's the best!!


Erin1/10/2022Our birth experience would not have been the same without Hannah. She kept me grounded throughout the day of delivery and gently guided my partner and I through helpful techniques and navigating a system in a way that allowed our day to feel personalized. Her education resources beforehand were helpful, organized, and not overwhelming. She provided a fresh perspective on the experience of childbirth that helped me feel empowered and connected as a new mother. One incredibly special addition to our day, that I had certainly not thought of, was to take photos throughout the process that I will cherish forever. Should we have another child, I would absolutely hire Hannah again!


Jen M12/19/2021I cannot imagine having gone through Birth & early 4th trimester without Hannah's support. My husband & I decided kind of late to hire a doula after our childbirth class made us realize we wanted an advocate for us in the hospital. Hannah made us feel comfortable and taken care of and was a wealth of knowledge. The days she came by post partum I felt so zen! She helped us give Theia her first bath, guided me through early brestfeeding, and gave my husband bottle feeding tips. She was so reassuring throughout the entire process and provided a sense of relief to everyone (incl extended family!). We happily & enthusiastically recommend Hannah if you're searching for a doula.


Joe Landy Joshua12/14/2021Hire Hannah! Hannah was one of the first doulas that came up in my google search when I was about 3 months pregnant and I instantly knew that she would be perfect for me and baby. She's knowledgeable and kind. There was never a time during my entire pregnancy that I reached out to her and she didn't respond. She honors your wishes. I had a scheduled induction and Hannah was there when I needed her, guiding me through every contraction and decision. My labor wasn't easy but it wasn't hard either but when I broke down at the end and needed support , Hannah was there. I will always be grateful for her. Thank you so much Hannah. You are loved by our family. Oh, Greyson says hi! 


Sylvie10/2/2021As first-time parents, we are so grateful to have found and worked with Hannah as our  postpartum doula. It was clear from our first conversation that she is deeply passionate about her work and that it is more of a calling for her than a profession. Hannah is very knowledgeable on all things pregnancy and fourth trimester, offering her perspective while creating a safe space and encouraging us to follow our intuition. We had never changed a diaper before our baby was born and Hannah taught us so much about caring for an infant, building our confidence as we transitioned into parenthood. She is warm, thoughtful, flexible, and proactive. My only regret is that we didn't meet her earlier so that she could have been available to be our birth doula. Should we be blessed to become pregnant again in the future, Hannah will be the first person we call! 


Sarah Scott9/27/2021Hannah was everything in a Doula that my husband and I ever could have asked for. She is patience and warm, caring and understanding, and brings a calming energy that soothes you the second you see her. She was incredibly helpful for the pre partum sessions and calmed any fears or questions that we had. While in labor, Hannah was an absolute gift. She was 5 steps ahead of me, knowing what my body and mind needed before even I knew myself. She was supportive of my decision to ultimately have an epidural, and pushed me through the toughest moments of labor. We felt instantly comforted in her presence, and could not have asked for more from her. Her support postpartum was just as special, and we will forever be grateful for her.


Abigail9/13/2021Hannah is an incredible doula! She assisted us with the birth of our second daughter this past June. I was so grateful for Hannah's knowledge, grace, good humor, confidence, and kindness. Prenatal meetings were informative and also a lot of fun -- it felt like hanging out with a new friend, which I loved. My labor was fast and intense and Hannah was there to meet us and help me get through a very stressful and painful time. Without her calm yet in-charge energy I think that I would have had a much harder time making it through labor and birth. After birth my daughter had to go to the NICU for several days, which was emotionally extremely challenging, and again Hannah was absolutely supportive, comforting, and helpful. I'm so grateful that she was part of this journey and I highly recommend her to future clients!


Hannah & Phil8/14/2021Hannah was an incredible part of our birth team and labor experience. From our first interview we felt at ease and in good hands - as if we had known her for years. Our prenatal visits were relaxed and informative, and left us feeling ready to take on labor as a team. When the big day arrived, Hannah joined us and immediately slipped in to the rhythm of our labor, providing dad with guidance on the best ways to support mom through her contractions and making sure that we were both nourished and relaxed throughout the entire process. Her presence was felt in a soft touch or gentle word - always there but never in the way. As our baby emerged into the world, Hannah held space for us as we became a family of three, guiding us through our first latch and helping us get settled into our first night together. In the days and weeks after the birth, she was quick to respond to any questions we had and followed up with two wonderful postpartum visits that left us feeling well nourished (she's a great cook!) and confident about the next steps with our new baby. We were so grateful for Hannah's relaxed but structured approach to the birthing experience. She helped us anticipate our needs both before, during and after the birth. She was generous with her time and energy. And she always made us feel comfortable and supported. We are so happy that Hannah was an essential part of this most consequential and intimate event in our lives!  


Brittany & Jesse7/26/2021Hannah was by far the best decision that my husband and I made once we found out we were pregnant. After our first zoom meeting with her we knew that she was the perfect fit for us and our new journey together as first time parents. Being able to spend two sessions with her before going into labor allowed us to get to know her even more and feel that much more comfortable. She is so knowledgeable and has so many amazing resources that she gave to us along the way to prepare. Whenever a situation arose with any concern we called her for advice and she always grounded us and made us feel so safe, taken care of and understood. My labor didn’t go as originally planned because I had to be induced but Hannah came to the hospital where her light really shined bright. She knew exactly what to do to help with my surges and made me feel so comfortable when I felt the most vulnerable. We allowed her to capture photos and video during the labor and delivery which I’m so grateful for the memories that she captured. We will forever cherish them and consider her part of the family. We will be calling her for baby #2 :)  


Naheed Hadjisoffi Cantalupo7/23/2021I had an amazing experience with Hannah. As a first time mom she alleviated a lot of my fears and never made me feel like any question was too silly or far out there. She made herself available as much as I needed and provided my husband and I with innumerable resources on a variety of topics. She never made me feel bad about any choices or decisions I made and always provided me with counsel to help me make informed decisions.   She was an extremely calming presence and always helped me keep my mind in check. Even though my baby was breech and I had to have a c section her support and guidance was invaluable. She came to our apartment the night before the surgery to answer any last minute questions, help me relax and lead me in a meditation to help me settle my nerves and prepare for our baby to come into the world. After birth she was with us in the hospital and in our home for support and practical help regarding eveyrthing from breastfeeding, to newborn bathing, and she even gave me an amazing foot massage. I would highly recommend Hannah to anyone looking for a doula and I will use her again if we have another child.  


Paulina Chrostowski6/1/2021Hannah is an awesome doula who supported me throughout my pregnancy, labor and delivery, and postpartum period. I couldn't have asked for a better birthing experience- I felt empowered and respected. She is super supportive, informative, a strong advocate, resourceful, nonjudgemental, and a great listener. The resources she provided were helpful too. Highly recommend! 


Daria4/29/2021Hannah was a wonderful doula. Calm, focused, and reassuring, and masterfully used physical manipulations (massage, stretches) to ease labor and delivery. She's also very knowledgeable. 


Meghan Manangon4/5/2021Hannah is my doula but also we just wrapped up our Hypnobirthing course taught by her. I could not be more satisfied with the quality of our course taught by Hannah. I think if circumstances (mostly the pandemic) were different, I would've preferred an in-person group course, but given that this was not an option, our private remote course was truly ideal. Hannah was an excellent facilitator to allow us to explore our own beliefs and wishes for our birth. The methods and tools she used to teach the content were equally excellent. I'm beyond lucky she's also my doula and would recommend her for either (or both!) role to anyone.


Jamie Kearns1/15/2021Hannah was an absolutely essential part of my birth experience. Her calm energy, generous spirit, and wealth of knowledge helped me through the entire course of prenatal, in-labor, and postpartum experience. During a very difficult, painful unmedicated labor, she helped me refocus my energy and breathing, calm me down so the sensations would not overtake me. She educated us before the birth, stayed by my/our sides through 30+ hours of labor, and patiently cared for us postpartum as well. I would not hesitate to recommend and/or rehire a Hannah. She’s a gift to all.


Angie Yemma11/21/2020I firmly believe that because I had Hannah’s support my labor was shorter and I felt empowered and supported. I also was so glad to have her support after I gave birth with her knowledge of breast feeding and her support in our home.


Elena11/8/2020Hannah's support was a game changer in making the birth of my daughter a positive experience during a pandemic! Knowing Hannah was available and always responsive to my messages and calls gave me great peace of mind. The main reason for me to hire Hannah was the lack of a support person besides my husband to handle any kind of situation that could occur, which she did perfectly. Biggest thumbs up for helping latching the newborn after birth and helping finding a care person for my eldest daughter as the babysitter was not available! Thanks for being there Hannah!


Rosie8/21/2020I feel so grateful that I got to be supported by Hannah through pregnancy, birth, and postpartum. She is an incredible doula. From the first consultation with Hannah, I knew she was exactly the person I needed by my side through this journey. I loved that she started our meeting by asking me about me and what my husband and I were wanting for this birth experience. She truly got to know us so she could support us both in the best ways possible. Typically, I take the role of caretaker and listener, so it was very important to me that I had a doula who I could trust to take care of me and listen to me. Hannah’s calm and intuitive energy helped me let go and gave me the space to make decisions that were best for me. Hannah made sure my birth preferences were respected in the hospital. She made sure I always knew all of my options so I could make decisions for myself from a place of empowerment rather than fear. She knew when to be hands on and when I needed space. She helped us have the joyful and loving birth I desired. She honored my birth preferences and was sensitive to my fears and concerns. She was available 24/7 and very responsive to texts and calls. She was made to be a doula and brings honor to the profession. I could not be more grateful that she was by my side through one of the most important moments of my life. Thank you, Hannah!


Michelle7/21/2020Hannah is the most thoughtful and caring person you could meet! She helped us be comfortable through every aspect leading up to the birth of my son and after! She gave us options we didn’t even know were possible and made us feel so special and loved through everything. Our son decided to make a surprised entrance into the world and when we called her to say it was go time she dropped everything and drove an hour to be with us! There are very few people in this world that will drop everything to just love on you and we are so very lucky to have had her during our delivery journey!