DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
11 TESTIMONIALS

Jamie Daniels Bogert

The magic of birth

Bronx, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens

https://www.themagicofbirth.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2000

Black Doula

CONTACT JAMIE VIEW JAMIE 'S AVAILABILITY

Patricia C.2/25/2023Jamie is such a beautiful soul it was my first time working with a birth doula an she was absolutely AMAZING! From the way she was so attentive with me to the way she advocated for me with the doctor and nurses, she is the best hands down. Every Mom to be needs a Jamie.


Teneil Bush2/11/2023Jamie played such a crucial role in my birthing journey. Initially, I partnered with her to ensure that, as a woman of color, my birthing experience was respected in the delivery room - she did that and so much more.Throughout, I turned to Jaimie with my questions as a first-time mom, she created space and guidance, allowing my partner to support me in the best way possible, and we also partnered with her for postpartum support. While we’ve now got a handle on this parenting thing, Jamie still reaches out to check on us.During delivery, I often turned to Jamie as a sounding board when I felt pressured by the hospital staff. At a time that I thought was very chaotic, she reinforced my confidence to advocate for myself.Jamie, thank you for everything and for being such a pillar of positivity and wisdom during our journey.   


Teneil Bush2/9/2023Jamie played such a crucial role in my birthing journey. Initially, I partnered with her to ensure that, as a woman of color, my birthing experience was respected in the delivery room - she did that and so much more.Throughout, I turned to Jaimie with my questions as a first-time mom, she created space and guidance, allowing my partner to support me in the best way possible, and we also partnered with her for postpartum support. While we’ve now got a handle on this parenting thing, Jamie still reaches out to check on us.During delivery, I often turned to Jamie as a sounding board when I felt pressured by the hospital staff. At a time that I thought was very chaotic, she reinforced my confidence to advocate for myself.Jamie, thank you for everything and for being such a pillar of positivity and wisdom during our journey.   


Bessida Ouedraogo1/19/2023I met Jamie through NYC Doula services. I like to refer to Jamie as a unicorn. She’s so patient, understanding, caring and most importantly supportive. This was our first birth, my husband and I are pretty easy going individuals. We were somewhat preparing for our bundle of joy to arrive, and knew some information on the birthing process through friends and family members. However, when we met Jamie she gave us a new perspective and much profound understanding of the process and took her time explaining her role, and how she can better support us through our Journey. Jamie was always available to answer any developed questions I had throughout my journey. She took time to explain the medical procedures associated with birth that we will encounter at the hospital. Advocated for us with medical staff professionals on our birthing plan, and reassured me when my nerves got the best of me all the way until delivery time! She is more then a doula, she’s like a lifelong sister. During labor, I remember being exhausted and at one point I was thinking oh my gosh, when is this going to be over, and Jamie was so gentle in her encouragement and assured me that I was making great progress and to keep pushing forward. Her words of encouragement and positive sense of humor is certainly needed during such times. I tremendously recommend Jamie, because she is well versed and seasoned as a doula and isn’t afraid to be candid, and transparent with members. Thank you are small words but means a lot to us that you have assisted us in delivering our health baby boy. With much love the Sanogo family??


Jelena Beskovic11/27/2019This was my second birth experience and first doula experience. I found Jamie online and after one phone conversation I decided to meet with her and hire her. Since I have a toddler I wanted my husband to be with him while I'm in the hospital giving birth and that's where Jamie was the best choice I made. we had two meetings before actual birth to get to know each other and so I can get comfortable and she learns what my needs are. Jamie was open to all my wishes and she did exactly what I expected. She was so helpful and understanding. I would definitely recommend her to my friends/family and I think having a doula support makes birthing(any kind) way easier  and positive experience. Thank you Jamie for everything you did for us. 


Alison Desir7/31/2019I love Jamie! She is not only one of the kindest people I know, she is also extremely knowledgeable. From our first meeting, we clicked and she was an incredible support throughout my pregnancy. I honestly cannot imagine what I would've done without her. Unfortunately, the healthcare system in this country is flawed and simply having an OB/GYN is not enough. But even if it were, I would still want to have Jamie with me as an additional support. I would highly recommend Jamie to any and everyone.


Eleanor5/23/2019I had a wonderful experience with Jamie as my doula preparing for the birth of my daughter in February 2019. She was amazing as we prepared for our birth, sharing resources, showing us labor positions, helping us both mentally prepare and teaching my partner what he can be doing, and helping us think through the different birth scenarios and what our preferences might be. I actually ended up having a super quick birth that happened accidentally at home with no assistance (!). That whole evening I was texting with Jamie who was way more helpful and quicker to respond than my OB. I truly believe that my discussions with Jamie about relaxation during labor helped me immensely and even though we never intended to give birth at home I was able to use a lot of what she taught us to help us through the emergency. Jamie was amazing at my postpartum visit as well, helping me get started breastfeeding and pumping. I also love that Jamie has followed up with me in my first months as a new mom. Jamie is incredibly knowledgeable (and has gained tons of experience with all kinds of different moms and birth situations), calm, and an advocate for women and mothers - I truly hope we can have her with us when/if we have a second child; I can't imagine a better person to guide me through labor.


Nay Lopez8/24/2018I am very satisfied with Jaime helped me a lot to deal with my contractions and emotionally I am very grateful that she was there in time to help me during the birth


Nay Lopez8/24/2018I am very satisfied with Jaime helped me a lot to deal with my contractions and emotionally I'm very grateful that she was there in time to help me during the birth


Anne4/17/2018We loved Jamie so much! She was a great help to our family and even more so our birth.She was mostly focused on me and helping me have the birth I envisioned for myself and my baby but she was also very helpful with my husband and our older kids. She is just really Helpful in every way she could possibly be. I loved that about her but just having her there, her presence and reassurance of me doing a good job was more than enough for me.We don’t believe we could have had the pleasant birthing experience we had without her by our sides. She’s kind, soft spoken, calm, helpful, reliable, willing, reassuring, a pleasure to have around and we definitely, highly recommend her!


Ky4/10/2018One word to describe Jamie being my doula- LIFE SAVER!I simply could not have done it without her. She is so patient, loving, concerned, trustworthy and warm-hearted. My family and I couldn’t have been more pleased with not only our decision to have a doula but also our choice having been Jamie.She has a wonderfully calm spirit which is so helpful during labor when you have a husband freaking out or simply stressing about what happens next or what he should do to help. And of course for Mama!I cannot emphasize enough how helpful she is in all aspects. Always willing to go the extra mile. Very dependable indeed.Jamie is 1000000% worth considering, interviewing and definitely having during your labor and at your birth!Best doula in my books!