DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
17 TESTIMONIALS

Jessica Epting Home Birth Doula

Sovrin Birth

Bronx, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  Prioritizing BIPOC (Black, Indigenous, and People of Color/Global Majority) Home Births

9173551983

https://www.sovrinbirth.com/

Birth Fee

$1600 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $65

Black Doula

Availability Remarks: Specializing in natural, self-directed, physiological, undisturbed birth. I trust birth, the birthing body & your baby! Prioritizing home births of BIPOC (Black, Indigenous, & People of Color).

CONTACT JESSICA VIEW JESSICA'S AVAILABILITY

Laurie5/31/2023Jessica is simply the best! She inspires total confidence in your ability to bring a little human into the world. She leads with research and extensive training and will support you in whatever birth plan you are most comfortable with. From navigating pregnancy to giving birth in a hospital, birthing center, or at home, she will help you understand what is happening and what your options and rights are. Can't recommend her enough!


Nichelle Carpenter5/16/2023I doubt there is enough space to describe how profoundly grateful I am to have worked with Jessica. The bottom line is that the *very* best decision I made while pregnant was choosing Jessica as my birth doula!Working with her is the primary reason I felt empowered at doctor appointments and, importantly, during the birth of my twins. She is incredibly knowledgeable, which is no surprise. However, her knowledge, wisdom, combined with her kindness, warmth, and “ease” energy made me feel instantly calm, even over zoom for our initial meeting. I had many fears and concerns about my twin pregnancy and I remember how encouraging she was - she made me believe that I could deliver my twins vaginally and that I could successfully breastfeed them. Of course, my body could decide otherwise, but mentally, her encouragement made me feel like I had many possibilities, when I had often felt that I had none. (Fwiw - she helped me achieve both)Our zoom visits and in-person visits were so detailed that I felt as prepared as I could be. She even helped me with my spouse and his role in the delivery and postpartum period. It’s been 5 months since my delivery and I appreciated her postpartum knowledge and continued support, too. It has been tough navigating postpartum care as i try to heal while taking care of two babies - her guidance continues to help. I am truly thankful that Jessica helped my beautiful twins make it to this side. I recommend her 100% for twin pregnancies especially (bc if my experience), but also for all doula services. She’s forever a member of our family. I’m so grateful for the chance to work with her.


Kat Creech1/9/2023Choosing Jessica to be our doula was absolutely the best decision I made in our pregnancy journey. We cannot imagine being more supported: emotionally, physically, mentally, spiritually. Every step of the way, Jessica gifted us with extreme expertise, thoughtful consideration and encouraging support that allowed us to feel empowered to make the best decisions for our family. Words cannot express our thankfulness nor the fullness our hearts feel having her by our side for prenatal support, the birth and postpartum guidance. 10 stars!


Jeanie James10/19/2022I’ve had the best experience with Jessica. She has made my birthing and postpartum experience phenomenal. She cares about you and baby and has a warm personality. Let’s not forget she will advocate for you and make sure everything goes well for you on your special day. She also helps throughout the whole process. Allowing you to feel safe in her arms. She steps right in and assist with everything when it comes to your birth experience. If I ever was to do this all over again. I would want her by my side from the beginning. Thank you again for loving on us like we are your family.


Emily Wright9/19/2022Call Jessica now! You will not regret having her support during your pregnancy and birth. Ours took many unexpected twists and turns, and Jessica was there for every step. Her reassuring communication, helpful resources and supportive advice helped us to "be like water" and ride the wave until our girl arrived. Having Jessica at our birth was instrumental in me having the natural birth I had hoped for. I really could not have done it without her. She also supported my husband throughout pregnancy and labor and the two of them made an incredible team. Jessica is kind, gentle, smart and experienced. The passion she has for what she does is palpable. I could not ask for more in a doula and friend, and if we have baby #2, she will be our first call! Make her yours, too!


Theresa7/12/2022Where do I start?.... lol! I have to say that short time working with Jessica, I never felt alone in our working together. The minute we had our first zoom call with her, I knew right away I wanted to work with her and had found the right doula I needed and wanted. Jessica's knowledge and free spirit and warmth, made me feel not only supported but in control of the birth I wanted. Anyone that has the pleasure of working with Jessica, will not only be lucky but won't regret it at all! I cried when she walked into my delivery room, her energy is unmatched and you can feel it in person and online. Thank you, Jessica!!!! ?? 


Linda L7/5/2022I dont think I've ever wanted to write a positive review more than this one. Jessica was my postpartum doula and she helped me at a critical point in my pregnancy. As a first time mom, my plan was to have a doula on my birthing team, but my baby had other plans and arrived 3 months early. Fortunately, I found Jessica and she helped me navigate the crazy experience of having a baby in the NICU and the complex world of pumping/breastfeeding. She was an incredible source of information and emotional support... so many times when I was feeling overwhelmed or anxious she provided a sense of calm and understanding. I always felt like she completely "got" me. She is warm, honest, compassionate, empathetic, extremely insightful and just a beautiful human inside and out. She made sure I set clear goals and worked with me to accomplish all of them. And she ultimately helped me grow into my role as a mother. I really don't know how I could have gotten through this without her, and yet, she would be the first to say "Of course you could have managed without me, you're an AMAZING mama!" She is the literal best doula out there and if I am lucky enough to have a second child, I hope she can be a part of that journey from start to finish.


Cherisch6/27/2022Jess is super awesome!!! She made my journey into motherhood comforting and just beautiful. Her spirit (not just energy) is super dope. She is soooo worth it. Granted my baby came 18 days later, so she arranged a backup. I would use Jessica for any other pregnancies. She is super knowledgeable, kind, and goes the extra mile. I love you Jess!!!!!


Christie4/13/2022Jessica was a Godsend! Being pregnant for the first time during the pandemic was a challenge in itself and  knowing that my husband and I wouldnt be able to have family alongside us; Jessica as a doula, was one of our BEST decisions! From the moment we had our first virtual interaction, we connected immediately. She is the perfect recipe for a doula because she is full of compassion and she loves what she does. what i loved the most about her was she didnt make me feel a way if my decsions changed. She continued to encourage and even more...ADVOCATE! She gave motherly vibes and made me and my husband feel comfortable.  i have since then recommended her to all my pregnant friends. She was not only our doula, but became our friend and gave me the confidence even at home when i had questions with my newborn.She is a diamond in the rough.


Kellie Terry3/22/2022I must begin this review with an overall beaming and glowing review of my experience with Jessica. Live saving is not too dramatic but it is accurate. Top line expertise, well versed in all natural and holistic birthing techniques, responsive, wonderful intake process and amazing ability to craft a birth plan and also pivot to meet emerging conditions throughout your pregnancy. I would highly recommend her to everyone - first time birthing people and as well as experienced birthing people. I loved her as my Doula because she took the time to build an intentional relationship based upon my past experiences and my desires for this birth. She translated that into an amazing birthing plan! I was also very aware that as a black woman I needed an advocate. I wanted to completely natural birth and she was so helpful in helping me navigate that with my OBGYN and Hospital. At one point my baby was breech and I was panicking a bit because my OBGYN assumed that I was going to want a C - section but I DID NOT! So Jessica to the rescue - she helped my partner and I practice spinning techniques (some. positions as well as meditations) that winded up being super effective. To my OBGYN's surprise they worked and I was able to have a beautiful, 100% natural labor and afterbirth experience. Jessica met us at the Hospital and from go was a supportive coach for me and my partner. She advocated for me during every stage of the labor, made sure that I completely understood each decision point and constantly reminded me that I had the power to make my own decisions. Our birthing experience was just amazing and I know we could not have done it on our terms without her! She also provided amazing postpartum support that included yummy, nutritious meals that carried us through our first week home with the baby. She also checked in on us often and even now is helping us with child care recommendations. She is truly amazing 


Mansouratou3/12/2022I really like this service my labor was very easy beacuse i had the most caring and nicest doula i will definetly recommend her 


Krystal Paye2/25/2022Jessica supported me late in my pregnancy by the time I found her. I wish I would’ve found her so much sooner. I would totally book her for my next pregnancy.She provided me with so much knowledge and support to help me have the birth experience I wanted. She answered every question I had even in the early hours of the morning. Thank you Jessica!Will recommend to all my family and friends.


AshiA2/25/2022She's more then 5 stars. She is very understanding and make you feel comfortable with all the choices you choose. Jessica Make sure you stick to your goals but if you want to call a quits to some of your plans she right on board with you.She makes sure you know all of your rights. She just amazing


Sherry Tharath12/22/2021This was my first experience with a Duola and I will never go through labor without one ever again. Jessica Epting was beyond anything I could have hoped for. She was always there for me and had so much patience, being that I had a busy work schedule and a very active 1.5 year old at home. It was my 2nd pregnancy and my first labor experience wasn’t exactly what I hoped for and I needed someone who was going to be in my corner and she was that and so much more. She was so understanding of my schedule and never gave up on me even though at times I never answered her messages until days later. It was very easy to talk to Jessica and she made me feel like I was her only priority. She listened to what I wanted and made sure I got everything I asked for and was comfortable throughout. I honestly don’t think I would have had the experience I had during my second labor if it wasn’t for her and I’m so very grateful for all that she did; from providing hands on care, setting up the mood/vibe in the room, she even gave me foot massages! Jessica was so amazing that my midwife and my nurses all fell in love with her and to say the least, she’s definitely a hidden gem! If you’re ever wondering if you NEED a Duola, this is your sign that you do, and Jessica will not steer you wrong.


Esthepany Francisco12/2/2021From our initial visit Jessica was supportive when I informed them of my decisions of how I wanted my birth to be, informative (sending me tons of materials) & transparent. Jess was realistic about what to expect, raw talking about their own experiences surrounding birth and honest with how much introspection was required for a great birthing experience. If you want someone  that will keep support you, make you feel comfortable and be there every step of the way, Jessica is your person. I enjoyed working with Jess as did my family once they met them & I wish a doula like Jessica for EVERY birthing person. 


Jade11/12/2021One word to describe my birthing experience is simply Amazing. Being a first time mom I was practically clueless,scared and excited all in one. I love the fact that I was able to ask my doula Jessica anything at any time. Her energy is pure and genuine which allows me to have a peace of mind which is extremely important. I can honestly say she made my experience (less intense).She created a calm environment, she educated me on what's going on with my body, the vibes were just right!


Aika10/29/2021I’m happy I found Jessica, my first birth was a bit complicated, long and painful. I was very fearful to have same birth experience on my second pregnancy so I started searching for doula right away. I met with Jessica and knew she was the right person for the job. The provided her knowledge and support during last weeks of my pregnancy and tremendous help during labo. thanks to her I had my magical - miracle birth that I was hoping for. She was always in contact with me and came to pick me up from my house once labour intensified, we arrived at the hospital and stairs outside for a bit (I didn’t wanted to enter the hospital yet but it was comforting to know that we are few steps away if anything goes wrong) she helped me through my contraction with pressure point massage and eased my pain by 80%. When I got to the maternity ward I was already 8cm dilated and after another 2 hours I had my baby on my hands. Her help, knowledge and support were tremendous and immeasurable which made my labour and birth relatively quick and easy. I recommend her to every expecting mama out there.