DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
17 TESTIMONIALS

Johanna D'Aleo

Coxsackie, NY  Service range 50 miles  I am willing to travel anywhere that I can get to by car within 60 minutes or so.

(845) 901-7431

Birth Fee

$1500 to $1700

CONTACT JOHANNA VIEW JOHANNA'S AVAILABILITY

Hallie3/29/2022Johanna is amazing! I can not say enough good things. From the moment we met her we knew she would be our support person! She stayed with me for three days and was the strength that helped me to have the birth that I wanted. I was able to have a V-BAC after having my water break a month early and then being induced. Her knowledge and experience is amazing. She has helped so many women and knows so much about the birth process. I will never be able to thank her enough for all she did! She even baked us sourdough bread! ??


Erika Stepheny2/12/2017My husband & I searched high & low for a doula who would not only be a perfect match for us, but also affordable because at the time we were in transition of employment. We prayed about what to do & Johanna reached out to us asking if we had found anyone yet. When I shared that we hadn't, she kindly said something like this, "If you would like me to be your doula, don't worry about the financial aspect. If it's meant to be it will work out." I remember a heavy burden lifted off my mind. Johanna was the answer to our prayer! The rest is history.Johanna was there for us from the minute we hired her! She visited us multiple times prior to going into labor. She is down to earth, genuine, gentle, & loving. She reminds us of a wonderful grandma who will do anything for you, and support you no matter what your going through. I had a ridiculous recovery due to horrible tearing that the OB of our midwifery had only seen one other time in his 30 years of his practice!! Johanna encouraged & supported us during labor & delivery as well as my recovery. My husband still says, "I don't know what I would have done without Johanna!"Over a year after the birth of our daughter, Johanna is only a phone call away for us! She has a genuine care for those she serves. She doesn't treat her client like someone she is going to make a profit on. She genuinely cares & it is clearly seen through her character. After I gave birth & it was taking the OB forever to get me stitched up, Johanna had already over stayed her commited hours with us. I remember looking over at her saying "please don't leave! Can you just wait until I am stitched up and feel ok?" She had no problem staying longer even though she had been awake for endless hours with us.We now relocated out of the area and although it's 2 1/2 hours away from Johanna she already told me she would travel to us when we have another (if it isn't snowing of course!)


morganne wheeler11/30/2016Johanna helped my husband and I get through the birth of our dreams! As a first time mom, I was full of questions and concerns. Her knowledge and confidence eased my mind during pregnancy and allowed me to go into birth calmly and with excitement. She also guided my husband through the process in a way that helped us stengthen our bond in preparation for the big day. She helped guide us through each phase and I am confident I would not have achieved the same magical birth without her. If you are able to have Johanna as your doula, you have hit the jackpot.


Arte Levy7/10/2016The choice of hiring and selecting a doula was a significant decision in our birth plan. When my wife first approached me with the suggestion, I must admit that I was personally skeptical if we needed one. The idea that a “stranger” would be in attendance at the very personal birth of our first child, that they would somehow interfere as they tried to justify their presence, or push the “hocus pocus” to the detriment of medicine all weighed heavily on me.After doing considerable research on the subject, I came to realize and appreciate the role a doula plays during childbirth. Reaching out to the doula community in the Capital Region, we met Johanna.And I am glad we did. Johanna is committed to her “families.” Her dedication, considerable experience and passion for her work is evident. She is warm and loving and approachable. And literally available any time – something which became an important part of our story.Our little man was born about a month early, and being how things like a mother’s water breaking rarely occur at a convenient time, we were so very thankful that Johanna was there to answer the call.When Johanna met us at the hospital that afternoon I was pleased to find that she was known and respected by the nursing staff. She was there through all 19 hours of hospital labor – including four hours of pushing.Never overbearing, she reassuringly explained everything that was going on and made sure we understood all of the choices we had, not just the options promoted by the doctors and nurses. She held my wife’s hands. Played relaxing music. Broke out the aromatherapy. And helped us laugh the stress and uncertainty away. Johanna was my wife’s true advocate. In a room full of people singularly focused on “bringing baby,” she was a guiding spirit that helped us welcome our son in a way that I will be forever thankful.


Nicki Radzely1/3/2012If you are looking for a very seasoned doula who is smart, witty and compassionate, then Johanna is your doula! I found Johanna after interviewing an upwards of 15 doula's. I wanted someone that was motherly but very knowledgeable as well. Johanna came to us with all sorts of insights that were knew to me around the birthing experience. She helped start my labor on time so that I could avoid all medical inventions. She knew was familiar with my hospital (St. Lukes Roosevelt) and even requested the room that I labor in to avoid noise from the elevator traffic! During my birth, it took many unforeseen turns and Johanna was with us every step of the way.. giving me the support to question the doctor and staff. She worked with my labor nurse to help buy us some time to "breath down the baby" which helped us not deliver too early and cause further complications! Afterwards, Johanna visited our home and gave me even more tips on how to nurse my baby and get him to sleep through the night. To top it all off, Johanna asked me to submit a claim into my insurance company hoping to reimburse me for her services. I actually did and United Healthcare paid 100% in full! It was amazing! Johanna will hopefully be in our lives for years to come and especially for our next baby! Thank you Johanna! 


Karen Shaffer12/12/2011I am so glad that we asked Johanna to be our Doula for the birth of our first son. My labor was very long (30 hours) and Johanna helped keep me and my husband calm and focused, especially when things did not go as we had "planned". The relaxation techniques we had learned in our hypnobirthing classes in the months prior also helped a great deal. I had so much wanted a natural birth and was determined to tough it out as long as I possibly could. I got very emotional when I decided to get an epidural I felt like I was weak in some way and apologized to her and my husband. Johanna took my face in her hands and looked me in the eyes and said "you have nothing to be sorry about, you are doing so good". I needed that reassurance so much. I highly recommend her and plan to include her with the births of our future children.


Lee McKean9/23/2011I can't begin to explain how much Johanna meant to my positive birth experience, but I'll try. After having a C-section with my first child, I was attempting a VBAC with my second. Despite knowing it was the right thing for myself and my baby, I was terrified in the weeks leading up to my due date. Johanna was always there with expert advice and reassuring answers to all my questions. When the baby decided to show up, she met us at the hospital shortly after we got there, at about 1 am. (The plan was for her to come to our house, but my labor progressed a bit too quickly for that.) With the support of her and my husband, I was able to have an unmedicated VBAC with no tearing and no episiotomy. My son was born big (8lbs, 9oz) and healthy after only nine hours of labor and twenty minutes of pushing. She was a wonderful advocate during the birth, ensuring all my needs and wishes were met, and an amazing source of strength and motivation. I have no doubt that I would have at least had an epidural, if not another C-section, if not for Johanna. I highly recommend her services for anyone expecting - I personally will be contacting her shortly after my next positive pregnancy test! :)


Meagan Frederick4/1/2011 I can't begin to express my gratitude to Johanna for the role she played in the birth of our first son nor can I recommend her more wholeheartedly. She seemed to be at our house within moments of our first contractions and stayed w/ us throughout labor until Jackson arrived ....all 36 hours of it! Even though my labor and delivery didn't go exactly how I had hoped or planned, Johanna was there throughout, helping to support us when it came time to make difficult decisions and lending a sense of calm and confidence to the energy of the room. So despite things not going according to "plan", I felt that my birth experience couldn't have been more successful thanks to Johanna's presence and guidance. She had so many techniques & tricks that helped me throughout labor - from aromatherapy to relaxation techniques, visualizations & suggestions on how to manage each contraction. She was there to support my husband when he needed to eat or rest, and was there by my side cooling down my forehead throughout the pushing and offering positive words when I thought I had no strength left.My husband and I could not be more pleased with Johanna and are so grateful that we found her for the birth of our son. Dear Johanna,We don’t know where to begin in thanking you for the role you played in the birth of our first son, Jackson.  Your calmness, patience, presence, assurance, nurturance, understanding, knowledge….we could go on.  We feel truly blessed to have been surrounded with such amazing people during Jackson’s birth, with you at the lead. You truly have a gift and we are so grateful to have found you in order to share it with us and help make the birth experience it was.With gratitude, Meagan, Warren & Jackson Frederick


Sasha Loberg3/25/2011My husband and I debated for months about using a doula for our first birth. We decided to meet with a few and hoped that our intuition would tell us who would be the right choice. After meeting and talking with Johanna, we both knew she would be our doula. She was straightforward, experienced, and confident. Our initial meetings were great, but we still weren't quite sure what to expect from a doula. We found out weeks later..... I had the labor and birth of my dreams and while much of it was certainly in the hands of a higher power, Johanna was absolutely instrumental in making it a wonderful, joyous experience for us. My husband and I looked at eachother afterwards and agreed it was the best decision we ever made together. She was incredible from start to finish, allowing us to relax by guiding us through what was happening. She has an amazing intuition and knew exactly when to step in or hold back. She was the guiding spirit and presence that I needed in order to have a successful hospital birth on my terms. Great with all of the hospital staff as well... very respectful. She would let them do their thing and tell us what was going on and what our choices were after they left the room. WE LOVED HER and couldn't recommend a more wonderful person to assist in the miracle of birth.


Serena P2/8/2011Johanna D’Aleo is an amazing, very special doula and anyone would be lucky to have her by their side! I absolutely loved her and I cannot imagine ever going through another birth without her. Johanna came highly recommended to me by a friend and she was everything she said she was and more! Johanna is most unique in the way that she cares about you. Some people that you hire for professional services look at their job as a job, whereas Johanna has a true passion about what she does; I truly believe she loves and cares about every client she helps through the birthing process. I immediately felt at peace with her energy from the first time I met her and this continued all the way through her services. She is that unusual combination of professional, yet spiritual and earthy. Simply put, I had the hypnobirthing experience that I wanted because of Johanna. My health took some unexpected twists and turns during my pregnancy and delivery and I leaned heavily on Johanna for advice, emotional and physical support. She gave me the strength and encouragement I needed to allow my body to go into real labor on its own. Her relaxation techniques were excellent. Her expert knowledge having gone through so many births helped me avoid the C-section I did not want. She really helped me navigate through the hospital delivery process and make sound decisions for my health. I delivered my beautiful daughter at New York Presbyterian Hospital and after Johanna left after the birth, the head labor nurse on staff who helped me with my delivery came over to my bedside to say this to me, “I just want to tell you that you have the best doula I have ever seen and I’ve worked at this hospital for many, many years.” Need I say more! Johanna was just phenomenal in the delivery room. She bends over backwards to make you feel comfortable, warm and safe. I shall forever be thankful.


Amy Rosenblum Martín7/15/2010 Dear Johanna,How could I ever possibly thank you enough for your invaluable help along my birthing journey? You were the key figure, a true gate keeper and seer, in my twisting and rather arduous path that led to my hypnobirthing HBAC--a political as well as personal victory. I could never forget your generous and expert help as I called you with daily installments of my unfolding story. And your easing my son's emergence was the cherry on top!I will truly miss you, Johanna.Love, Amy


Katherine Wide4/9/2010Johanna was a great support for us during the birth of our son Philip. She worked so hard from the beggining, she never took a break. She did whatever was neccesary to make us feel comfortable and at peace, from talking to me about my progress, to calling the doctor, to helping my husband carry our many bags.She provided lots of guidance and information about what we were going through which allows us to focus on how to handle it instead of trying to figure it out. The whole process was less stressful because she was there to direct us and help us cope with the pain and the unexpected.I was able to have my baby without any intervention. I was never plugged in to a machine and she kept encouraging and helping me to breath the whole time while also allowing my husband to fullfill his role.  She gave me fluids constantly and suggested several positions to help my labor progress. Our baby was nursing right after he was born. He was completely drug free and alert and since he was so healthy and perfect he never left my side.At the end she was not in a hurry to leave, even though she worked so hard for so many hours and didn't sleep through the night or had a proper meal in hours. I was the one that suggested she should go home and eat and rest. She is an excellent doula and she works so hard.We are very thankful to her for all she did for us. She played a key role in helping me to have the drug free labor I wanted.Thanks Johanna!Love,Kathy


Rebecca Zaretsky3/12/2010I had an amazing experience with Johanna.  She was wonderful before, during and after my birth.  She was attentive and made herself available - communicated well when she would be a couple of hours away before my due date and made me feel at ease throughout the process.  During my labor, she comforted me, kept my energy up and reminded me how to breathe through my contractions.  She supported me before the labor with some amazing relaxation CDs and kept me positive throughout my journey.  She came to my home postpartum and assisted me with breastfeeding.  She was encouraging and thoughtful throughout.   I recommend her to anyone looking for an experienced doula. 


Jennifer Mangan2/11/2010 Johanna was such a perfect match for my husband and I - we really cannot imagine a better doula experience.I went into early labor at about 2:30am.  I called Johanna at about 7am to let her know, and she was at our house by noon when I really started to need her.  She stayed with us at our house guiding me though the first phase and all throughout that evening before we left for the hospital.  I was supposed to give birth at a birthing center without drugs but complications forced me to the labor and delivery wing of the hospital.  Johanna was with us the entire time reassuring what we were going through and helping us ask all the right questions.  The Tens unit was a great distraction and she did her very best to keep me as comfortable and as hydrated as possible.At 5:34am the *next* day I gave birth to a healthy baby boy WITHOUT the assistance of any drugs.  There was no way I could have done this without Johanna.  She kept my husband clam and coached him on what to do to help me most and in the final minutes she held my leg as I pushed so my husband could be next to me.  Honestly, she helped make what could have been a horrible experience so much better and I can't speak highly enough of her.  After Alex was born she helped me achieve his first latch and stayed until we were moved to postpartum.  In the end, Johanna was at our sides nearly 24 hours!You will not regret working with Johanna.


Natalie Belval2/2/2010Johanna - Thank you so very much for helping me through labor.  Because of you, I was able to get through it without medications and Frederic was born alert  - and I was alert throughout delivery and recovery.  You calmed us, soothed us, fed us and made sure we felt secure and comforted.  From the bottom of our hearts, my husband and I are grateful and will always remember your kindness.  You made our birthing experience the best it could be!


Travis Konkle2/1/2010My wife and I want to thank Johanna for being a fantastic help during the birth of our daughter.Throughout the labor, Johanna was calm and reassuring, and she always seemed to have at the ready whatever Jenny most needed. Johanna was great at figuring out what would help Jenny, and then helping me be effective as a supporting partner.Johanna was instrumental in helping Jenny have the birth experience she wanted, and we wouldn't hesitate to recommend her to any of our friends.


Bonnie Naugle1/31/2010 Johanna was the absolute best during our labor. She happened to be in the neighborhood when I found out about my contractions, so she came over to help right away. My doctor decided to induce me, and still I was in labor for about 30 hours. Johanna provided excellent support throughout the night (we went to triage about 10 pm), and made sure I was changing positions where possible. She had a great dialogue with the nurses and my doctor. The TENS unit was so helpful and she brought a noise machine, cloths to keep me cool, and snacks. In the end, she helped me breathe during the painful hours of pitocin and kept the drugs away until I really needed them. Johanna gave me massages during contractions and held my hand for hours and hours. The baby was born about 9pm. We really couldn't have had our baby in the same manner without her!