DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
4 TESTIMONIALS

Kayla Foxen, CD(DONA)

Soul Path Doula

Corning, NY  Service range 80 miles

805-705-9443

http://soulpathdoula.com

Birth Fee

$1200 to $1600

CONTACT KAYLA VIEW KAYLA 'S AVAILABILITY

Jillian Loewen2/11/2018Kayla is very knowledgeable, supportive, and compassionate. I was fortunate enough to meet her and have her with me throughout the later stages of pregnancy and for my labor and delivery. She made a natural birth possible for me and my daughter, and kept me focused on the process and journey. Thank you Kayla ??


Amy Albert Baris11/29/2017The timing of my guess date, the summer holiday, and summer vacations meant that we were lucky enough to have both Hannah Brandt and Kayla on call for our birth. The preparation and communication that we had during my prenatal period was great for me to be completely comitted to a VBAC and talking with them both helped us to develop a verbal birth plan (I did't want to commit to putting it on paper) that we were fortunate enough to be able to stick to. Unfortunately Kayla had to miss our birth, but Hannah was there and was great support for me and even more importantly was able to help my husband support me! I certainly recommend both Kayla and Hannah (and if you are as lucky as me maybe you can get them both!!)


Stevie Jo11/15/2017Kayla was absolutely incredible! Her calming presence, her wealth of knowledge, her gentle wisdom, and genuine compassion were vital in my birth experience. She also provides nurturing support prior to and long after the actual birth. I was spoiled with her homemade healing oils, herbal teas, tincture, and yummy food. She truly is a healer and gifted in her career. I highly recommend Kayla Mae Talkington to any and all mama's to be!


Morgan Barber6/16/2017I loved working with Kayla because she was sweet and flexible. She showed her excitement for me and my pregnancy which always lifted my spirits. She always made me feel as if she was coming from a good place and gave me whatever boost of confidence I needed. She made me feel like I'm never alone with any questions or concerns I may have. Kayla really gave me the support I needed. I hit a mental wall during my labor. My doula told me about this mental wall and I never thought that I would hit it, I didn't think that was an experience that I would have. However, I did. Everyone else was ready to move on to the pushing, and I actually wasn't. My doula spoke words of encouragement to me. She told me how well I have been doing so far during the labor, how this is something that my body was designed to do, this was something that I was going to be able to do successfully, and that this is something that I am more than ready for. Then she proceeded to hold my hand and encourage me to push. I was able to successfully continue with the labor.