DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
3 CERTIFICATIONS
2 TESTIMONIALS

Laura Paskell-Brown

Doula For Your Soul

Saugerties, NY  Service range 80 miles

https://www.doulaforyoursoul.com

Birth Fee

$1000 to $1800

CONTACT LAURA VIEW LAURA'S AVAILABILITY

Bethann10/7/2021I don't know where to begin this review other than to say that Laura is absolutely incredible. When we got pregnant with our first baby last year and I brought up the idea of a doula to my husband he was on the fence. However, I convinced him to at least meet with one; enter Laura. The exact words that came out of my husband's mouth when Laura left our house after our first meeting were "How does anyone do this without a doula? She is awesome!". Not only did Laura help to prepare me for and support me throughout the birthing process she also helped prepare and support my husband. My husband and I are currently planning for baby number two and I would not think twice about having Laura as our doula again. Sadly we are moving out of state, but if I could move Laura with me so I could work with her for all future pregnancies, I 1000% would. If you are on the fence about hiring a doula and have found yourself on this review, take this as your sign to take the plunge and hire Laura; you will not regret your decision!


Olga5/25/2021Laura was an essential part of my extremely positive birth story. It is simply put that she held space so well that I felt comfortable going inwards, knowing that she was taking care of not only me but my husband as well. She gave me the strength I needed and relaxed me to promote a speedy labor. She was present without being intrusive. And don't get me started on her magic hands! How she was able to hold counterpressure on my lower back for over an hour towards the end of my labor is beyond me! No painkillers were needed. This is my second labor and my first with a doula. Having a doula by your side, and especially Laura, is in my opinion essential. Even the nurses and midwife at the birthing center were impressed by her. She helped me through a VBAC and I will always thank her for it.