DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 TESTIMONIALS

Nancy Chase

Chase Your Dreams

Middletown, NY  Service range 75 miles

8458007917

http://www.chaseyour-dreams.com

Birth Fee

$1100

CONTACT NANCY VIEW NANCY'S AVAILABILITY

Jennifer Betancourt6/14/2011Nancy was a blessing to us before, during and after the birth of our son, Elijah. I knew I wanted a doula early on in my pregnancy and was given Nancy’s contact details by a friend. My husband wasn’t too keen on our needing a doula initially but upon meeting Nancy, he changed his mind immediately. Because I wasn’t entirely thrilled with our practice, I knew I wanted the extra support and Nancy was every bit the extra support and more that we needed. I was thrilled and felt completely at ease that we would have Nancy by our side. She came to our home twice before the birth and spent hours answering our questions, reviewing the birthing process and the many options, guiding us around preparing a birthing plan and lent us several books which were incredibly helpful during my pregnancy. Nancy was always available by phone, email and text before and after my son’s birth. My son was 12 days late and Nancy was attentive and supportive to us during this time when it seemed I might have to go in for a c-section. Thankfully, I didn’t have to but labor and delivery was quite long and she was there in the hospital to support us during every minute. She was critical in helping me to remain as calm and focused as possible and to use massage techniques when the pain was unbearable. Nancy also came to our house a few weeks after the baby was born to discuss our experience and to answer any final questions/concerns my husband and I had. My husband and I couldn’t have been happier to get to know Nancy and to have had her be an integral part of this life changing experience. Nancy is warm, kind, calm, has a good sense of humor and loads of experience, both personal and professional. We love Nancy and we still keep in touch. We would highly recommend her to anyone interested in having the additional support during their pregnancy and birth experience and we hope to call on her again should we have another child. ? –Jennifer Betancourt, Weehawken, NJ


Lyndsay Hammond6/7/2011Nancy was wonderful to work with. She came to our home and got to know us, what were were about and what we wanted. She would call to check up on me and see how I was doing. We had everything all planned out, and unfortunately about a month before the birth of my son he went breach. So, I wasn't able to have a natural birth and I was pretty disappointed, but Nancy was there in the OR with me, she held my hand when I got the spinal ( I was so scared). She was very comforting and was present throughout the whole surgery. After she checked on me in my room, and because I was lucky enough to be in the same hospital she worked at she would check on me before her shift started. We still email to keep in touch. I would very highly recommend her as a doula to anyone that is considering having the service at their birth, she's a wonderful caring, loving and understanding person. I know if we are able to I would love to work with her again when we plan for our next baby.