DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
21 TESTIMONIALS

NYC Birth Village Doulas

NYC Birth Village Doulas

New York, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island

https://nycbirthvillage.com

Birth Fee

$900 to $3500

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $70

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Daria10/30/2019We had Jill and Sierra as our doulas and I'm so grateful for all of their amazing support! I had a tough pregnancy, which included fatigue, hormonal ups and downs, back pain, and lots of false labor. They helped keep me positive and gave me lots of useful tips for managing my discomfort. Jill is especially knowledgable about natural remedies and her tips were invaluable. I had the pleasure of working with Jill for the birth of our daughter and Karla (as a backup) for one of my false labors and both experiences were great. Karla is an incredible doula also and had so many wonderful mantras, positions, and wonderful ways to think about the contractions/rushes that really helped. She was also a GREAT advocate in the L&D section of the hospital for my early false labor and helped me avoid an IV and being kept longer than necessary once it became clear I wasn't actually in labor.My actual birth was at the Brooklyn Birthing Center and Jill worked seamlessly with the midwives and my partner to support a great complication free birth and the hours postpartum while we processed and checked out. Jill and Sierra both provided excellent phone support in between appointments as well.Would recommend enthusiastically and without reservation!


Rachel10/8/2019We had a great experience with Sam and Erica, who lent much appreciated insight to the birth of our son, both pre-, during and post. My husband and I were on the fence about including a doula for the big day, but Sam's calm and experience were invaluable during our delivery. We felt supported and advocated for throughout the process.


Jennifer7/22/2019Karla and Narchi were so amazing! I was in labor for over 80 hours and Narchi was there for us for every single hour. I was trying for a VBAC--it didn't end up happening, but Narchi helped me communicate all my needs and fear and I ended up being the first person at Cornell Weill to have a gentle C-section. Thank you both!


Rick7/6/2019Sam and Erica were amazing! They make a seamless team, as they complement each other's knowledge. In all of our interactions with them, they were professional, reliable, and passionate about their work. My wife and I debated back and forth whether to get a doula, but after the baby came, we were extremely glad we did. Erica was our doula on the day of birth, and she helped calm the room and applied techniques that, as much as a partner can read about, really need the hand of a trained professional. Both of them were great to work with, and we highly recommend them to anyone thinking about getting a doula.


Sinziana Eckner11/26/2018Karla and Narchi assisted the births of both of our children and they are amazing. They provided a lot of information and guidance, during birth as well as postpartum. My second birth happened at home by accident and I will be forever grateful to Karla for being present and delivering the baby (EMS arrived 2 minutes before). Her presence there is what got me through the experience, both mentally and physically.


Natasha Kardos4/13/2018We cannot imagine having given birth to our son without Narchi and Karla's help, ongoing support, expertise, warm smile, and patience. They helped us surrounding the birth of our first child at a time when we had so many questions and areas of concern. The pre, during, and post birth process is so overwhelming and Narchi and Karla were there every step of the way both emotionally and in-person.We selected them based on their calm, yet grounded demeanor, extensive expertise, realistic approach towards childbirth and postpartum knowledge, but also based on the caring and warm vibe they both emit.In addition to all the questions they helped answer ahead of our son's birth and great advice as we prepared for his arrival, they were always a text or email away. When I went into labor, Karla arrived quickly and stayed with us throughout my very long and arduous 20 hour labor process. She was also there at the hospital in a supportive, but not overbearing manner and supported my husband and I through the whole experience, including reassuring me when I decided to get an epidural.Karla was an incredible resource post birth, showing me how to give our son his first bath, tips to get him to sleep, and breastfeed more effectively. She also coached me on how to take care of myself which was so important post birth.We could not have done it without them and recommend them highly!


Alli Tahmoush12/28/2017I have to echo all the positive things being said about Narchi and Karla as doulas. We had a wonderful experience working with both of them from about 20 weeks onwards. They provided us pre-natal support, birthing classes and breastfeeding classes in the comfort of our apartment before my son was born. Narchi attended my birth and was invaluable support to both me and my husband when our birth plan didn't go as planned. Having her expertise and experience helped us make informed decisions and feel confident we had all the necessary information to do so. Once my son was born we were so grateful for the postpartum visits by both Karla and Narchi. We would create long lists of questions and they always had answers. They also continued to be very responsive to questions when concerns arose post birth. We were so sad for our time with Narchi and Karla to end but were so grateful when they responded for one last request for breastfeeding support. I highly encourage all new and expecting parents to give themselves the gift of Narchi and Karla's support.


Eugenie Kim10/14/2017My husband and I worked with Narchi and Karla for the birth of our first child. Their knowledge, approach, and services were far above and beyond what we were expecting. They had a well organized process of working with us before, during, and after the birth. Throughout, we found them to be informative, supportive, and professional. The day of labor and birth, Karla was incredible. We were very happy with how labor and delivery went, and it was in no small part because she was there as a supportive (and very hardworking!) presence.


Leeof Kim7/14/2017I'm so happy to have found Narchi! She served as our postpartum doula after the birth of my second daughter. I had been quite apprehensive about how my toddler would acclimate to all of the changes, and also concerned about basic household management stuff, on top of preparing for the birth of our baby! Narchi's calm manner and steady support were contagious. She assisted me with essential tasks early on, including giving my daughter her first bath and helping me make some nutritious snacks. I whole-heartedly recommend Narchi as a postpartum doula. She's patient, kind, understanding, and was always so present. Thank you, Narchi, for your amazing support and helping my family through a beautiful yet rough transition.


Lillian Coryn4/30/2017I highly recommend Narchi as a post partum doula. She was a great support for me and my baby during the difficult 6-8 week period. Narchi has a wealth of knowledge and experience to draw on, and I really appreciated her proactive attitude when I was at a loss of what to do. I felt like she understood my baby so well, and I had complete confidence in her. In addition to helping me understand practical aspects of baby care, she also helped me process the huge variety of post partum emotions that come along with a new child. On top of everything else, she is a very, very talented cook! I felt well nourished in so many ways during our time with Narchi.


Maggie Louie4/15/2017We highly recommend NYC Birth Village - and Karla Pippa in particular - as a postpartum doula. We had twins in Feb 2017, and we honestly don't know if we could have made it through the first few months without Karla.At the beginning we weren't sure exactly what we wanted from a doula, but Karla has the experience and wisdom to know the best uses of her and our time. As new parents without much family around, we most needed and wanted help with the vast amount of responsibility dropped in our lap on day one: breastfeeding, sleep habits, bathing, using slings and carriers, soothing techniques, etc. Karla was a fantastic resource for all these things, but even more importantly has a quiet calmness and confidence that made it easy to turn to her for help. Karla is also a fantastic cook and squeezed in grocery shopping and meal preparation in addition to the other help we asked for.We interviewed several doulas before the twins arrived, and choosing Karla came down to two things: her expertise (including past experience with twins) and her personality. It's hard to describe precisely, but both my husband and I felt immediately comfortable with Karla: she came across as warm and nurturing, and more than anyone else, listened to us and shaped her assistance to fit our needs even when we didn't quite know what they were.Being new parents, it was extremely hard for us to leave the twins alone with someone else; Karla's expertise and our trust in her allowed us to find little moments of respite, whether just sleeping in the other room or going for a walk outside. Though she had other clients, we never felt less than 100% support from Karla, and she was genuinely respectful of our time and the time of her other clients. She was also available via email and text message, and often checked in via text to make sure things were going ok between visits.


Jennifer Spisso DuBois4/12/2017I'm so thankful that I made the decision to hire Karla and Narchi! They were so supportive and made my birth process a stress free experience even though it was a challenging and long process. I instantly felt comfortable with both Narchi and Karla. The brought a calming with them and a great sense of humor! The pre-natal meetings were always informative, I felt very much prepared knowing they would be with my husband and me through the entire birth of our baby. They were always available to me when I had any questions or concerns which helped relieve a lot of stress that one can have while being pregnant. I had a very long labor (2 1/2 days), Karla was so supportive and patient with me the entire time. I was so happy she was there, especially when doctors/nurses would ask questions that we weren't 100% sure of our answer. Karla helped us stay on track and stick to our birth plan that we wanted. My husband and I were so happy to have Karla with us and I know we will be including her in our future pregnancies!


sandra koo3/15/2017Karla and Narchi were first class. We couldn't have imagined going through the pregnancy process and labor without them. Very professional, knowledgable, and hardworking, yet down to earth and caring even through the difficult periods. Post partum coaching was also very helpful. In the end it was well worth the investment.


steph miller11/28/2016I think its a special person that can hold your hand through the birthing process. Narchi and Karla have partnered to offer a seamless support, each with their own unique gifts, but both completely knowledgable, selfless, and present. From an emotional, physical, and intellectual standpoint, I could not have been more pleased with the professionalism and love that these women demonstrate in their every action. My son came into the world with all of the abundance that true care has to offer- Narchi and Karla were a part of making that happen. I am eternally grateful.


AmandaLeighCobb11/20/2016Narci was an amazing doula! She helped me more than words can say during my labor, transfer, and decision making process at the hospital. She was kind and caring and encouraging. She was also very calm and extremely knowledgable -- EXACTLY what you need in labor! Never pushy, she's a great listener and someone you can trust when everything around you gets overwhelming. After over 3 hours of pushing, we welcomed our baby boy, and Narci was right beside us the whole time. She even took (the best) pictures of the birth at our request, and they are our now our favorite photos of that moment. Oh! And s he also made herself fully available postpartum as I was having a LOT of issues with breastfeeding for weeks. It's like having a sister. I owe her a lot. Worth every penny. And more!


Anna Pinkas9/26/2016Narchi and Karla make an amazing team. From the very first meeting all through post-partum, their experience, passion and kindness really shined.The two birthing classes we took with them (one with Narchi and one with Karla), gave us great insight into the different stages of labor and equipped us with a lot of different techniques to cope with pain and stress.Narchi ended up being on call the day Felix arrived. We left for the hospital shortly after she got to our place. We had a long and rather bumpy cab ride, but Narchi's soothing voice and breathing exercises really helped us keep our calm. Once in the delivery room, her guidance was invaluable. She really helped me build the confidence I needed to go through the natural birth I wanted.While the birth itself was a beautiful but exhausting experience, I found that the first few days back home were even more challenging. Felix was losing more weight than he should have and my milk wasn't coming in. Not only did Narchi spend a lot of time at home with us - helping us get a good latch, showing us swaddling techniques etc. - but she also kept checking-in on us the following days. She helped me troubleshoot and de-dramatize the breastfeeding process.Ryan and I can't imagine going through this experience without Karla & Narchi and cannot recommend them highly enough.


Rachel Aronson9/20/2016Hiring Narchi and Karla was the best decision we made. We are beyond grateful they were apart of this special time in our lives. They both have such a wonderful calming energy that was so important throughout the whole process. They eased our anxiety through their professionalism, knowledge, and passion for what they do.During the labor, Narchi was there as a wonderful, supportive resource to help us make some tough decisions and an amazing advocate ensuring we felt in-control and gave my body enough time to react to the various changes. Not to mention the amazing techniques she deployed to make labor as comfortable as it could be and help my husband understand what I needed.Once the baby was born, I loved having Narchi there to assist with breastfeeding by ensuring the baby had a great first latch. After the birth we had a follow up visit from Narchi and another visit from Karla about 10 days later. Both follow up visits were super helpful to make our breastfeeding experience a success.Most importantly, they were always available through pregnancy, labor, and post-birth and made us feel incredibly comfortable texting and emailing with our one million questions about anything and everything. We really could not recommend their services enough.


Leah Ansell8/5/2016I found Karla and Narchi through a facebook moms group. I interviewed 5 doulas and they stood out among the others. They came in person for an interview and I was struck by their warmth and openness. They are non-judgmental and respect your wishes for birth. I am a physician and it was important to work with someone "evidence-based" and they fit this well, especially in comparison with other doulas. I felt reassured having them throughout pregnancy and asked them many questions. My husband and I loved the sessions prior to delivery. Karla and Narchi proactively reached out, checking in to see how things were going and sending articles in the weeks leading up to birth. When I went into labor I felt so much support. Narchi was beyond wonderful. She spent hours with us, when we needed support in early labor she was at our apartment, making sure I drank enough and provided so much comfort and advice. At the hospital she was the most amazing support. So knowledgable about the birth process and helped explain things that were going on. She was soothing and helped me find comfortable positions and gave me a leg massage which felt so wonderful. During pushing I developed a fever and the baby was showing signs of distress and the MD gave me an option to attempt vacuum delivery with risk of emergency C-section or proceed with C-section. I was able to talk it through with Narchi + decided to attempt vacuum, which fortunately worked out and delivered my healthy baby boy. Narchi stayed with us after to ensure that we were able to initiate breastfeeding. She left at 3AM once we were taken to our room. After birth they checked in on us and were available for any questions that came up. I loved the post-partum visit as I had many questions about breastfeeding and baby. They remain supports to me when random questions pop up + my husband and I are so grateful to have them. We would give them our highest recommendation and I will hire them again in my next pregnancy.


Barbara Elyse7/10/2016Karla and Narchi each did a tremendous job in supporting us leading up to, during, and after Aaron's birth. I don't think we'll be able to adequately put into words just how grateful we are. They are true professionals, giving us the tools and know-how to feel as prepared as one can possibly be for such a transformative experience. And they were there every step of the way to guide us through what was an incredibly tough day - emotionally and physically. Thanks to them, we had exactly the birth outcome we wanted. From our conversations with doctors to the timing of going to the hospital, they empowered us to make informed decisions. I am certain we would have had a different result had we not worked with Karla and Narchi.


Sowoon Cho5/21/2016I had Karla and Narchi as my doulas for the first labor and delivery. All throughout the process, they were both very professional, knowledgeable, helpful and a pleasure to work with. I had a chance to work with them individually in sessions leading upto the birth and each meeting was very helpful. Karla happened to be on call for my delivery and she was amazing throughout. She was a strong and confident presence throughout my contractions and helped me get to the hospital in an ideal state. I had a long and arduous labor and delivery and she was there to coach me at each moment. Karla was not only knowledgeable but savy when it came to different situations which helped me have the natural birth I wanted. I fully trusted her to guide me and my husband and we could not have done it without her. I would fully recommend them to friends as well should they want a doula.


Vanessa Hurst5/15/2016If I could give any pregnant woman one gift 100% guaranteed to make their birth experience better, I'd give Narchi and Karla's doula services. From the first conversation, they adapted to my personality and my needs. They made me feel understood and like my ideas about birth mattered, even though I was a somewhat clueless first-time mom. They worked equally with my husband and me, supporting us both in our roles throughout the pregnancy and birth.I asked for books to read and exercises to perform and got recommendations promptly after our meeting. When I got searing foot pain late in my first trimester, they listened, acknowledged my pain, and brainstormed solutions with me. When I had stop and start labor and preeclampsia warning signs in my third trimester, they listened, helped me understand what was normal, and made helpful suggestions. When I made a half-baked attempt at studying hypnobirthing, they supported me warmly and without judgment. When labor finally came, Karla's text messages 8pm - 6am followed by Narchi's soothing coaching 6am - 7pm helped me through a successful delivery and first latch with my newborn.I'm extremely proud of the mother Narchi and Karla helped me become. While no one is in control of pregnancy or birth, Karla and Narchi helped me feel like my beliefs and preferences were important and worth honoring. They helped me feel comfortable asking questions of my OBs throughout pregnancy and advocating for myself with the nurses during labor and delivery. They took a period of incredible pain and helped me connect with my own strength to survive and even see some beauty in it.Other reasons to hire these wonderful doulas include:- Narchi teaches in-home, customized childbirth classes.- Karla sends timely internet memes to get you through tough times.- Both have a wealth of knowledge, endless understanding, and heart-melting passion for helping women have their best possible birth experience.