DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
14 TESTIMONIALS

Raychel Franzen, CD(DONA), CLC, LCCE

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens

https://rkdoulas.com

Birth Fee

Not specified

CONTACT RAYCHEL VIEW RAYCHEL'S AVAILABILITY

Christina Wallace12/2/2019Raychel was an amazing partner in our entire birthing experience. From the first meetings where she helped us understand the labor and delivery process (did I mention we are first-time parents?) to the resources she shared between meetings to help us feel more prepared, she was a calming and reassuring presence going into this monumental event. I went into labor at 1am and was texting with Raychel shortly thereafter. Then my husband took over and called her when it was clear that my contractions were the real deal. She joined us at our apartment and helped me cope with the pain until she knew it was the right time to go to the hospital. I was 9.5 cm dilated when we arrived and two hours later was holding our newborn daughter. We wanted an unmedicated vaginal delivery with as little time at the hospital as possible, and that's exactly what we got. We couldn't have asked for a better partner to help us understand our choices and guide us through a sometimes overwhelming experience. 


Adam2/20/2019My wife gave birth to our first child three weeks ago. We prepared for labor and childbirth throughout the pregnancy, with frequent conversations, books and a class. Thought skeptical at first, as pregnancy went on I anticipated childbirth would be an emotional and significant moment in our relationship. However I was not prepared for the deeply positive and lasting impact it would have on our relationship. We we would not have had the same amazing experience if it were not for our roula, Raychel, and her expert, caring guidance. The outcome was a natural childbirth without epidural or intervention, just as my wife had wanted.For most couples new to childbirth, I think a doula is essential. Despite the preparation, once contractions started I became reactive to the situation and forgot what I had learned. I was unable to help my wife labor in all of the ways she needed. Raychel came to our house and brought with her a calming energy and expert care that we needed for the labor to progress. Raychel knew exactly what to do when. At home, she provided the physical care and mental coaching my wife needed. She applied pressure throughout contractions and got the baby to turn, something I could not have done alone. In the delivery room, Raychel was right by the bedside continuing to provide guidance, which was essential to the final most intense stage of birth.I am not one to leave reviews or write testimonials, but after the birth of our daughter I have the urge to spread the good word about doulas and Raychel in particular. We owe so much to Raychel and I recommend her to anyone considering working with a doula.


susanna saul10/29/2018I don’t know what we would have done without Raychel at the birth of our daughter. Raychel is a joy to work with and gave us lots of tips and resources which were extremely helpful. When it was time to give birth her presence was absolutely critical. Although we aimed for a natural birth and she supported us in that choice, my due date came and went and we needed to be induced because of late onset preeclampsia. It was a scary and overwhelming time. Although we read books and articles and learned a lot, there was no substitute for having an experienced guide in the birth process. The moment Raychel entered the hospital room we felt calm and grounded. She is warm, responsive and attentive and also brings strength and firmness to a situation when you need it. She knew her way around the hospital and the labor and delivery room. She knew the medications and the medical jargon and was able to decode, explain and often reassure us when we felt that things were beyond our range of knowledge. During labor I pushed for hours but the baby was in distress and was not coming out and we eventually needed to have an emergency C-section. There were lots of ups and downs during the long labor and delivery and Raychel’s presence was constantly calming and grounding for both me and my husband. Her post-natal visit was also helpful and reassuring. Her experience and guidance during this very insecure time helped my husband and I to relax and connect with appropriate resources and support- especially around breastfeeding. We highly recommend Raychel for any couple who wants to feel prepared and supported during this wonderful and intense time.


Natalie Fisk10/4/2018Raychel was wonderful from our very first beginning conversations to our very end postpartum conversations. Pregnancy, labor, and postpartum are all very challenging, so my husband and I knew we wanted a doula who could help us understand what to expect. Raychel did an excellent job supporting us with any questions we had, no matter how big small or intimate! She was very easy to talk to and non judgemental of whatever choices we decided to make.  I can't emphasize enough what a relief it was to have her with me while I was laboring. Seeing her at the hospital and just seeing her confidence in the process of labor and her confidence in me really gave me the focus and drive to have the experience I wanted with my birth.  I would easily hire Raychel again if ever we decided to have another child. Raychel is just the best and we can't thank her enough for her care.All Our Love,Natalie, Fisk, and baby Amity!


Erik Churchill9/6/2018We give Raychel our highest recommendation. Her warmth, compassion, calming and reassuring presence was all we could ask for. We selected Raychel because her approach to providing confidence is by arming you with useful and accurate information throughout the process. And she completely delivered, going above and beyond to make sure my wife and I had her and her insights at every necessary moment. As first time parents it was a relief to have someone so good at their job on our team.


Jacek Lyzwa6/12/2018Words are not enough to express how grateful we are that we had Raychel as our doula for the birth of our baby girl. We don’t have family in the US and this was our first child, so we had no experience and we didn’t know what to expect. Raychel turned out to be all the support we needed, both physically and emotionally. We wanted a natural, unmedicated birth and we believe that Raychel helped us to achieve that. She provided many resources and advice during the prenatal visits and last few weeks of pregnancy.My active labour began soon after my water broke and Raychel made her way to our apartment immediately. We were not yet prepared to leave for the hospital because my labor moved so quickly, but Raychel helped us to get ready and ensured that we left home as soon as possible to make it in time to the hospital. If Raychel was not there, I may not have had the courage to leave home because the pain was so intense and contractions so close together. It makes me emotional to think of how well Raychel helped me. She was exceptionally compassionate, showed the greatest care and she got me through each contraction. She supported me through the contractions when my husband’s best and most tireless efforts to do so were not enough to manage the pain. She was really calm, effective and thoughtful under pressure.Raychel made the taxi ride to Lenox Hill Hospital as easy as it could be under the circumstances. Once at the hospital, she helped us understand everything that was happening in the rush of the labor and delivery room. She stayed after the birth to help us with breastfeeding, and even supported us when we had questions after she had already gone home. At the postpartum visit Raychel helped us with breastfeeding and recovery tips. We would recommend Raychel without any hesitation and we hope to have her at our next birth whenever that may be. Raychel’s warmth and care makes her feel more like family than a friend.


Lena G.2/8/2018As expats in NYC looking for a natural birth and somewhat intimidated by the prospect of delivering our first born in a medical system unfamiliar to us (extensive research notwithstanding), we were looking both for support during labor and an advocate for our interests as we'd head to the hospital.Raychel was great. Using questionnaires and the prenatal visits, she figured out what our ideal birth would look like and made that her priority. At the same time, she made sure to offer her opinion and made sure that we considered all the options without trying to push us one way or another. She also shared lots of useful information with us.Raychel was a tremendous help during labor. Before we asked her to come meet us at home after what was at that point already a long labor process, the outlook was grim and I was close to exhausted and giving up. Having her around was an instant relief as she helped me take an active role, was a calming & encouraging presence and even managed to help me doze off between contractions at times while resting thanks to a stellar foot massage. Later, at the hospital, she additionally made sure our interests were looked after and that we knew our rights. We wouldn't have had the birth we wanted without her and can't recommend her enough.


Micha Nandaraj12/28/2017Raychel was our doula for my first pregnancy/birth. She was tremendous in helping my husband and me prepare, mentally and logistically, prior to the big day. Then, she was a real asset during labor and delivery. She helped me stick to my birth plan (specifically, having an epidural-free birth) and added a calm and confident voice throughout. While Raychel had many helpful ideas, she never pushed a specific philosophy on me. She encouraged me to envision my ideal experience and helped me execute it. I highly recommend Raychel!


Cara Cibener11/3/2017We are so grateful for the support and coaching that Raychel provided during our labor and delivery. She showed amazing stamina and care throughout the entire experience. Raychel was confident and caring and able to stay focused and present throughout.  In addition, It really helped my husband to have Raychel there to assist with massage and emotional support. It even allowed him to rest a bit, which he really needed in order to maintain his strength as a support to me!I even hired her as a post postpartum doula after my husband went back to work, this was a lovely extension of her services and helped me to get over the hump of being alone with a new born for the first time! I would highly recommend Raychel to be part of your labor and delivery experience, the support, care and attention are invaluable!


Kale Friesen10/14/2017This being our first birth we knew from the start we needed someone with not only a positive, calming presence, but also a strong voice to see us through our natural birth plan. From the first meeting with Raychel we knew was the perfect person for the job. She was knowledgeable, caring, and very open to all our questions and requests. During the last few weeks of our pregnancy, Raychel was always there by phone to answer any questions we had, and reassure of us when our nerves got the best of us. 3 days after our due date, we went into labour. The contractions came on very strong and fast, Raychel showed up about an hour after they began, as they were so close together and strong. As soon as she arrived there was a very strong and peaceful presence in our home, she worked with us to get through the contractions and get ready for birth. Soon as we were ready, we hopped in an Uber and headed to the hospital. Upon arrival, Raychel helped us to remain calm and cool headed. As the contractions came on so intensely, we weren’t sure we would be able to fulfill our dream of a natural birth but Raychel, and the staff were amazing, and encouraged us to stick to the plan. Throughout labour Raychel was at our side with encouragement and positivity, as well as physically helping us to position for the arrival of our baby boy. From first contraction to meeting our baby for the first time was only 4 hours, in such a short space of time, there’s no room for panic. After the birth Raychel stayed right at our side and helped with breastfeeding, and taking our many, many questions. We know our birth couldn’t have gone so incredibly smooth without, Raychel. At our postpartum visit, Raychel came by our home to check on Mommy, and baby, during this visit she provided resources and answers to help us prepare for the next few months as new parents. We would absolutely, wholeheartedly recommend Raychel for anyone seeking a strong advocate and calming voice.


Aparna Sampat10/11/2017From our first meeting with Raychel, we immediately felt comfortable and knew we would be well taken care of. She has an air of warmth and friendliness about her coupled with her professionalism and keen insights as a doula. Both the prenatal visits were tremendously helpful and informative; Raychel was always very present with us, spending as much time as needed to answer all of our questions and help us think through our birth plan. In the days before my labor, I checked in with Raychel A LOT, and without fail, she took the time to respond promptly and fully, always making me feel supported. As my labor progressed, Raychel was instrumental in helping us determine when best to go to the hospital. Throughout what was a very long labor, Raychel really never left our side. She was a wonderful resource, always suggesting a variety of birthing techniques. One aspect that really stood out to us was Raychel’s ability to offer advice and knowledge but ultimately support whatever decisions we made without any judgment. Through my labor, she truly took on the role of caretaker, motivator, cheerleader (in the best sense of the word), and friend. Overall, we had a wonderful experience with Raychel and would recommend her to anyone looking for doula support.


Tony Mae9/15/2017As a first time mom, I am so glad that Raychel was there with us to be a part of our son's birth story. She is such a warm, fun and wonderful person and we were instantly comfortable with her as soon as we met with her. She is also very organized, reliable, informative and such a wonderful resource with any questions I had regarding the pregnancy, labor and birth. Fortunately, we were able to have the birth experience close to what we wanted thanks to her help and we will be forever grateful that she was there for us. She was also very encouraging and reassuring when we encountered news from providers about potential concerns. We learned so much from her during the prenatal visits, email and text correspondence before and after the birth and she was always so quick to respond to all my questions with so much detailed information. It was such a relief to have her there knowing she was on our team. I can't say enough wonderful things about her. I had very intense back labor that progressed very quickly and she was there to support me and my husband during the worst of it when I was in a lot of pain and things got stressful. She remained calm and comforting and knew massage, labor positions, aromatherapy and rebozo techniques to help me endure every contraction(she is also very strong and was able to apply a lot of the pressure that I needed). Her postnatal visit was also very helpful and she always made it a point to give us all the information we might need about postpartum recovery, breastfeeding, etc.In short, she is such an amazing person and a wonderful doula and we are so lucky to have had her with us in such a big event of our lives.


Cristi Lee7/25/2017Raychel is a warm and intelligent woman which made me feel comfortable and confident having her as our doula for the birth of my second child Sofia.During our prenatal visit, what I remember most was practicing different pain relief strategies with touch, props and movement. We laughed at moments, but also got serious and focused. Most of all I remember that she had hands of magic. During the actual labor- laughter, focus and massage were all wonderful tools we put to use!Raychel was the best support possible during my labor. She was there to support me and my partner. She knows how to ebb and flow which is exactly what happens before and during contractions. I remember her giving my partner breaks or encouragement when he needed them.Raychel has a great energy and almost a sixth sense. She kept me comfortable and confident during the entire labor experience by guiding me and helping me relax when it was really intense.During the postnatal visit, it felt like Raychel was already a part of our family so it was easy to talk to her about daily struggles with a newborn. She offered excellent advice on postpartum issues like breastfeeding and sleeping, but also checked to make sure baby was latching on and breastfeeding well. She went beyond our expectations with continued support by phone and email for our now 2 month old daughter.


Marisa Russell6/6/2017Raychel was a godsend. We ended up needing a postpartum doula very, very last minute and Raychel swooped in to help. She was invaluable and knew just how to step in and help with chores/whatever needed getting done that I couldn't do because of a c section, and my husband couldn't do because of an ill timed bout of stomach flu. She made the transition home from the hospital, and our first night as a family of 4 so much easier given the circumstances. She is warm and compassionate, a steady presence to have around at a vulnerable time. I would highly recommend her!