DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
21 TESTIMONIALS

Shamika Matos

Coco’s M’brace Doula Services

Bronx, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island

914-810-4410

Birth Fee

$1500 to $1800

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $45

Black Doula

Availability Remarks: I am very flexible, I only ask for time to support new births.

CONTACT SHAMIKA VIEW SHAMIKA'S AVAILABILITY

Elizabeth6/6/2023  I had the pleasure of working with    Shamika as my support person during the birth of my fourth child, and I can't recommend her enough. I met Shamika last minute because I wasn't sure of the the outcome of my birth being that we’ve had two previous traumatic pregnancies that ended in loss. From our first meeting, she made me feel comfortable and heard, and she really took the time to understand what was important to me in my birth experience. She was incredibly knowledgeable about all aspects of childbirth, and helped me navigate the process with ease. Being that we met last minute, she was very helpful and worked tirelessly with me. During labor, she was an absolute rock for me and my partner. She helped us understand what was happening every step of the way, and provided both physical and emotional support that was invaluable. Her presence was calming and reassuring, and I felt empowered and confident knowing she was in our corner.After the birth, she gave me virtual support(my request) to check in and provide support as we adjusted to life with our new little one. I truly can't imagine going through this experience without her, and I'm so grateful for the amazing support she provided. If you're looking for a doula who is knowledgeable, caring, and truly invested in your birth experience, I can't recommend Shamika enough! -Liz 


Rosa Zeppenfeldt5/24/2023Hey my name is Rosa Zeppenfeldt and my husband name is kenny sanchez. When we met our dula named Shamika Matos, for the first time we wondered how things would be when it was time to give birth. Although I was induced I had a smooth delivery. Shamika help me a lot through the pain and help me with my doubts and even after our session was over she been there to help me with my questions about breast feeding and how to make more milk. I enjoy working with Shamika she help me and my husband deal through all the tough moments of pain and the long wait of giving birth. For me I taught giving birth was going to be fast but it took long hours I think about 24 hours or more and we kinda started to feel impatient especially with the pain but Shamika help us go through time and pain smoothly and answer all our questions and help us ask the proper question to the doctor. Me my self could say I was so tired, hungry and in so much pain I wasn't thinking about asking questions I was mostly sleepy and she motivated me to push to help my daughter come to our hands. Thank you Shamika Matos for helping us. With love, Rosa Z.


Zoe4/6/2023My partner and I just welcomed our first baby into the world and Shamika helped us prepare for her arrival. My partner was initially unsure about having a doula, but Shamika's presence was exactly what we needed, calm and confident. Her energy just clicked with us and she was so easy to talk to. She had helpful questions for us to think about and bring to my midwife so we could be prepared as possible for whatever happened at the delivery. She helped us put together a birth plan, which was tremendously helpful. All we had to do was hand this birth plan to the nurses and not have to answer all of the questions while going through contractions. Shamika was also very flexible. I could only have 2 people in the room with me and I wanted my partner and mother to be those 2 people, but I also wanted a backup in case my mom couldn't make it. Shamika was very helpful in getting us all ready for the day and was also prepared to join us in the delivery room via Zoom. Unfortunately, everything happened so fast at the birth we weren't able to set up Zoom. Shamika was at the phone though and ready for us. Texting us to see how we were doing and jumping on the phone with us. After the birth she checked in daily as we were at the hospital for a couple of days. She came over to us for a postnatal visit to see how we were doing and handled our little dog so well (he does not like strangers). We talked about how the delivery went, breastfeeding and pumping, and signs for postpartum depression, but most importantly giving myself grace as my body just went through a lot. I felt so prepared having Shamika as my doula, which means a lot when you're trying to get ready for something that you have no idea how it's going to go. Shamika is still sending us articles, links and videos to help with the baby. I consider her a new friend in this big city and will definitely have her as my doula again. Thank you Shamika ??


Nancy E3/30/2023Pregnancy is such a unique experience for every individual. This wasn't my first rodeo but with such a gap between my firstborn and second it was basically a fresh start and I felt like a spring chicken again. Shamika was very professional, courteous, and kind. She even assisted my first-time Dad, and husband and gave him practical information he was able to utilize prior to, during, and post-birth. Shamika brings a sense of calmness and certainty that everything will be OK. That's how it felt even though my delivery was rough, her care pre and post-natal was truly remarkable. If we have more children, she will be the first person we call. She went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of and supported from labor to delivery and after. Even the follow-up aftercare appointments were much needed. Thank You for being a part of our family, easily one of the best Doulas in NYC. She is highly recommended. 


Oksana Zielinski3/14/2023This was my first pregnancy and I'm very glad that I had Shamika by my side, either physiaclyy or virtually. From the fist interview I found her to be knowldegable about the labor and delivery process,very kind, energetic and person that I'd comfortbale to be around during the most stressful time. She provided me with different resources on how to prepare for  labor and how to induce labor naturally. I appreciate her contacitng me regularly and making sure that I'm doing well. My labor had been very long and exhausting , but Shamika made this process much easier to cope with and her emotinal support really helped me get through this. During the labor she applied different methods , such as massage, touch, breathing exercises to aleviate the pain and I'm very glad for that help. She was my truthful companion who I could trust and rely on during such vulnerable, painful , owervhelming experience. I felt she was my advocate and just and amazing friend overall. If you are considerinh hiring a doula,I highly recommend Shamika as she is the person who'll have your back and be your dedicated advocate.


Akari Voyticky2/19/2023My labor was days long and if I didn't have Shamika; it would have been a nerve wreaking, horrible experience. She was my advocate throughout my time in the hospital. When doctors or nurses come in to tell me something stressful, she was able to calm me down explain the situation clearly and made sure I had enough time to make a sound decision for myself and my baby. I am super grateful for all that she has done for my birth journey. My path towards a natural birth was set in my mind and I was mentally prepared for the pain of contractions but not prepared for the stress of doctors and nurses. When I got to the hospital I was only 2 cm dilated which was surprising and I was disappointed. Shamika came in right away and put me in a better mind set. She made sure I was comfortable. We labored together from 8am to 2:33am. She put me in all kinds of positions, gave me great tools to distract me from pain, slowed down and asked smart questions when the nurses and doctors wanted to progress my labor in a different way that was not in my birth preference page, explained and gave me time to make my own decisions. Overall, I felt like I would not have been satisfied with how my baby's birth turned out if I was rushed by my doctors. Shamika was able to stop them from making me decide right away and gave me some time to make a decision without pressure. She was there for my golden hour. She taught me how to let my baby latch on and start the processs of feeding. I cannot believe how lucky I am to have found her before going into labor. She held my hand through a very long and difficult labor without giving up on me or showing any type of weakness. She left at 5 am when she was sure that my baby and I were well taken care of. Not only do I feel like I made a friend that I can trust with my life, I felt like I met a special person that really cares about what she does for a living and believes in her work!


Catherine Chavez1/9/2023At the beginning of the 3rd trimester, we decided to look for a doula that could help to ease my anxiety for delivery and to help us advocate for ourselves. We chose Shamika because we knew she would be able to help us with these, as well as bring the energy and comfort we needed. Shamika provided great support tools before delivery via WhatsApp and made sure to check in frequently to ask how I felt and provide guidance. Ultimately, with a medical induction at 40 weeks which included an epidural before the induction process began, labor pain coping skills weren’t needed (at all), but Shamika brought her best game to the pushing phase, for which she brought fresh energy and comforting support. We are so glad she was with us for the delivery of our healthy baby girl and that she was able to provide breastfeeding support afterwards. She helped contribute to a positive induction birth story that I never thought would be possible. Thank you, Shamika!


Levern Williams Jr1/4/2023Wonderful. 


Briana Scott-Williams1/3/2023Shamika and I were introduced around my third trimester and our relationship immediately blossomed into a beautiful friendship. She instantly sprung into action and became a part of my village, as I recently relocated back to the NYC area with little family. From the start, she constantly kept me informed of helpful local programs, support groups and resources-- and still does! We immediately began working on my birth plan and she was persistent on me communicating my wishes with my physicians, as I had a horrible experience with our first son. The day I went into labor, I was certain it was just Braxton-Hicks and insisted she go into work. She refused and when I realized it was indeed TIME, she met me at the hospital shortly after we arrived and stayed with us a few hours after giving birth- giving all the necessary supports. She never left my side.I'm glad to say I've GAINED A FRIEND and if we decide to have another child, I don't see myself doing it without her. The universe was indeed aligned when we were linked. ??


Michaela Duncan12/30/2022I reached out to boober to find a doula literally 1 week before my due date due to apprehension with having a hospital birth and wanting to have the most natural birth possible. Shamika stepped in and literally two days later I went into labor. Prior to that she had me answer a questionnaire about what I would and would not like during my labor process in the hospital and drew up a birth plan that helped in advocating for what I needed in the hospital. She spoke up for me when I was asked about having a resident involved in my care since it didn't follow the birth plan. She provided coaching throughout to help me to keep moving to reach my goal. She provided encouragement when I felt I couldn't do it anymore. She provided acupressure over my back to relieve the intense back labor. She was a God send! So glad she was able to work with me last minute!


Debbie Lefort12/29/2022I am so happy and filled with so much gratitude for having the birth experience I envisioned come to fruition. I gave birth to my daughter on December 16th 2022 with Shamika Matos by my side as our doula. From our first initial meeting to the natural vaginal delivery of my daughter with no epidural or medical interventions I had a great experience every step of the way. Shamika was passionate, knowledgeable, professional and exuded a "can do" attitude with firmness yet providing the utmost support as a mother, coach and friend. I highly recommend Shamika because her presence is warm, nurturing and intuitive during all the phases of labor. Shamika's expertise is also in breastfeeding and being an exemplary guide post partum. I can't be any happier. She has been available as my guide since the very beginning and during our initial meeting I knew she was the right choice because her knowledge in fulfilling my birth plan was within reason. From that moment on I was also up for the challenge to do all I can in prepping for the big day that I would meet my daughter. Shamika offers her clients the experience of being seen and heard. She even suggested I deliver at Metropolitan Hospital Center and from this recommendation I found an above & beyond midwife practice called Village Maternity that also played a huge role. I will always thank Shamika for this. 


Hana11/10/2022When I first reached out to Meka about being our doula, she instantly responded with enthusiasm, tons of information and a motherly feeling of genuine care and support. I had read a few books, but didn’t really know what to expect and wanted a doula that was helpful, friendly, knowledgeable and great with communication. Meka exceeded all of my expectations, and I consider her an essential component of my successful birth experience. Meka is always in touch, whether it is sharing articles, resources, videos, answering my thousands of questions, getting to know my birth preferences and helping to calm my anxiety with suggestions and offering an ear to listen. She not only supported me, but my husband, as well, by making him feel more confident as a support partner, and more prepared for what the hospital might entail. We practiced breathing routines, experimented with the peanut ball, and learned so much about pregnancy, labor and delivery. Meka was nonjudgmental, extremely patient and understanding, calm and sensitive to my fears. Meka is flexible with her communication, whether it be virtual or in person, e-mail, texting, etc. She was the first person I called when I went into labor, and was immediately on the way at 4 am when my water broke, with her adorable doula shirt, of course! Meka was a warm and comforting presence throughout my labor. After coming home from the hospital, Meka constantly stayed in touch with my husband and I, and helped me during the postpartum visit, both physically and emotionally. It was so nice to see her afterwards and I know that we will stay in touch. I absolutely recommend Meka and know she will be an amazing advocate and support for your birth experience!


Carol Cho11/1/2022I was initially on the fence about whether or not I should hire a doula for my first birth, I am so glad I did. Shamika walked me through every step of the pregnancy from the moment we agreed to work together. The OBs at my group practice were nice but I didn’t feel a warm or strong connection with the clinicians. I worried that my birth plan and preferences would not be fully understood or taken into consideration on the big day. Having Shamika as my doula made me feel more prepared for questions to ask my providers, helped me to solidify my birth plan, and feel secure about what I wanted for this birth.Shamika was available when I needed her and was very responsive to any concern I had. And if I had a question she wasn't sure about, she referred to her community for resources to help me.During labor, she was an advocate, soother, guide, and helped me through the most intense contractions with counter pressure. She also directed my partner to support me in ways I needed during my pregnancy and during labor as well, especially during times when my partner wasn’t sure of what he should be doing (like in the rush and chaos of labor). The hospital where I gave birth did not have peanut balls but thankfully Shamika brought hers and I was able to move even with the epidural which I believe really helped me to avoid further interventions. I had a vaginal birth with minimal interventions (besides an epidural) which was what I’d hoped for.In our postpartum visit, Shamika came when I was struggling on day 5 with a sudden shift in baby’s feeding. She helped me set up my pump, walked through my feeding routine, and helped me build confidence to hold the baby in different positions to help with digestion. The visit made a big difference for me, my partner, and my baby.I’m so grateful to Shamika and I would recommend her without reservations to anyone who is expecting in the future.


Olga10/18/2022Shamika gave me and my husband such a positive vibe from our first video call that we immediately wanted to work with her. We liked her energy and passion to help and she made the process much for easier for us.There was constant help from Shamika during the preparation time. She was checking on us constantly and sending us information whenever we had questions.When labor started, she guided us with information that could help us make the right decision. My labor lasted for two nights and almost three days and she was at all times by our side. She was never pushy and she always was committed to our goals. Huge plus that Shamika is knowledgeable about breastfeeding and she helped me with tips about latching.I would highly recommend Shamika as a doula! She is a person you can trust and rely on!


GP9/24/2022My wife and I were looking for a doula that would make us feel safe on our journey to welcome our little boy when we met Shamika. We clicked from the get-go. She made us feel like we were in good hands. Her positive energy and dedication to our needs were imperative. She eased our fears and comforted us when we were anxious. Shamika stood by my wife when she was having very strong contractions and she offered many techniques to help my wife cope with the pain. We would not have done it without her. Despite the fact that she is beginning her career, Shamika has demonstrated knowledge as a doula. We appreciate her work and would recommend her to other people. 


Rosanna and Amar Somir9/24/2022We had an amazing experience having Shamika as our doula. She is so down to earth and very knowledgeable. Shamika's passion for this field and her hands on experience as a mom was what sealed the deal for us. If we could do it all over again we'd book her in a heartbeat. The level of advocacy and support she provided to me and my husband was remarkable. Even the little things that were done felt like big things to us. We'll never forget her kindness, compassion, and high level of attentiveness throughout. Our labor and delivery wasn't easy but having Shamika there during and after made all the difference in the world. She respected our wishes and decisions plus she reminded me of our wishes when things got hectic. I can't stress enough how important it is to have a doula you connect with. Shamika is our doula turned family and will forever be a part of our son's birth story. We are beyond grateful for her. So if you're on the fence about booking her, don't hesitate. She is worth it!!!!!


Jeraldin Rosario9/23/2022Shamika has been such a wonderful support towards the end of my pregnancy, birth process, and postpartum. My path crossed with hers when she offered her service for free to soon to be moms on a Facebook group. I thought how wonderful it was that someone would offer that, and due to my financial state I decided to give it a try. She helped me with many of my pregnancy questions, worries, and uncertainty. She gave me such useful information to prepare for labor and helped me stay calm as I got closer to my due date. During my labor she was just a short message away and helped me see the positive despite going through a traumatic labor experience. Postpartum Shamika was great outlet to go over the details of my labor and ways to cope postpartum. Again she gave useful and thoughtful support specific to my experience and needs.  If given the opportunity I would undoubtedly work with Shamika again to have the best plan in place for my second child. 


Jojo9/20/2022Shamika Matos was amazing as my doula during my experience. I am a first time older mom who was in the market for someone who was respectful towards my experience and knowledgeable in the craft. Not only did I get this with Shamika but she was on top of things such as my appointments. She always had questions for my midwife and provided a plethora of resources to help aid my situation. Not only was she professional but she did so very warmly and for someone who has no family it was very much appreciated not to mention (unbeknownst to me) needed. I STRONGLY recommend her if you're looking for these traits in your doula. 


Nurul Hasanah7/24/2022We were 1 wk passed the due date and was a bit anxious about the situation. I am the husband and we were hoping for a vbac, but time was against us and the doctors recommended an induction. We ended up cancelling our first induction appointment and decided to wait. After another sonogram appt, the doctor again recommended that we head to the hospital today bc the bio phys didn't score perfect. My wife insisted on waiting. That's when I decided to find a doula to help us. Right away I felt relief bc shamika wasted no time and scheduled a zoom video chat with us. She answered alot of our questions that we had and gave us alot good vibes and reassurance. The next day we planned another zoom chat to formally get all questions answered so that we could hire her. We made a group chat. That's where she continued to assist us with useful tips. She never claimed any knowledge that she didn't know and told us she would confer with more experienced doulas which made us trust her and comfortable enough to use her services.  After getting a bit more acquainted, she was asking my wife some more questions which made me a bit more worried about the situation. The signs were there so I left work and went to my wife, she seemed fine and I asked her if she was happy and she was. We took alot of time just preparing ourselves for the hospital.  Shamika was there assisting as much as she could, but ultimately my wife felt the decision seemed rushed. Already 41 wks and only saw shamika once. We decided to just trust the G-d Almighty.  We are Muslims and shamika was very accommodating. I am certain that if we met shamika earlier we would have used her full service. No doubt she helped us alot with navigating through the burdensome uncertainty that was to come at the hospital.  She gave us the confidence we needed and she still showed us her concerns like a friend would, for that we are grateful. Indeed in the end we got the successful vbac we wanted.  


Erika7/23/2022I can't recommend Shamika enough. I have an 18 month old and she was breastfeed for one year pretty much exclusively pumping! And if you know anything about pumping it's probably the hardest thing ever to do! She helped me with supply issues, equipment, pumping routine, everything! Shamika has also helped me find ways to maintain a breastfeeding relationship with my daughter when she was still a baby when possible/desired -- without any pressure or judgement! She is very knowledgable and goes above and beyond in her time and assistance. And she did this through the kindness of her heart and willingness to share with me. I'm so grateful!!!


Clarice Hassan7/21/2022Shamika is the BEST!! I'm a first-time mom who recently moved to the Hudson Valleys from NYC, and was struggling to find a birth doula as I literally knew nobody up there. I was able to match with Shamika online and we worked out this virtual doula regime, kinda last minute (I was already 38 weeks+ pregnant when I finally found her!).Now, I'm a psychotherapist who also provides online/virtual sessions, but I was so very unsure about virtual doula services at first - after all, online doula was still pretty unheard of. But Shamika TOTALLY blew my mind about how accommodating and creative she can be to work around the virtual situation. We had frequent Zoom and FaceTime chats, she was always responsive and resourceful, and she really went out of her way to understand my situation, needs and preferences. I learned so much about breathing, relaxation, birthing positions as well as my options for delivery. As I found her at the very late stage of my pregnancy,  Shamika wasn't able to attend my prenatal visit, however she was present, supportive yet not intrusive at all when I was in labor - just the way I needed! I do want to mention that with her help I prepared a birthing peanut in advance- and that thing was a lifesaver throughout 20 hours of dielation.I also deeply appreciated and enjoyed Shamika's calm and warm presence. I was having a lot of questions regarding breastfeeding, and a short period of baby blues for 2-3 days (which I expected as a mental health professional myself), and I have found Shamika so helpful- her warm check ins, reassurances, and suggestions really eased the sense of isolation and anxiety, and that has deeply re-anchored me. I full heartily appreciate Shamika and will strongly recommend her to anyone who wants a doula that's knowledgeable, calm, responsive, caring and capable- don't forget virtual is a plus!!