DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
17 TESTIMONIALS

Sharon Penn

Wellness Birth Arts, LLC

Huntington Station, NY  Service range 50 miles  Support clients in Suffolk county, Nassau County and Queens.

5164292389

Birth Fee

$2200 to $2300

CONTACT SHARON VIEW SHARON 'S AVAILABILITY

Jessica7/15/2023Sharon is a wonderful doula. She was recommended to my husband and I from two different family members that had her for their births. Before giving birth Sharon gave us so much useful information that I would not have known before. She was easy to talk to and I felt as though I had known her for much longer. She taught us all about the labor process and techniques to labor at home which proved useful during my birth. She informed us of our options and choices throughout the labor and delivery process. She came to our home and truly made us feel prepared and comfortable. Her techniques and guidance helped me labor at home so that I was only in the hospital for about fifteen minutes before giving birth. We are extremely grateful for her knowledge and help throughout the birth process and would recommend her to our family, friends, and anyone who asked. 


Chana Adelman6/5/2023Sharon Penn was an amazing doula for me and my family. She was supportive, committed, knowledgeable, and over all a pleasure to work with. She helped prepare me for the birth of my first child, and while I was in labor she was 100% willing and able to assist me in my journey!


John Z11/19/2022Words truly cannot express how wonderful Sharon was as a Doula. Sharon exceeded all of my expectations by a mile.  She made sure my wife and I were as prepared as possible for our first baby to be born.  The educational sessions Sharon managed certainly covered every scenario we encountered during my wife's labor.  When my wife's water broke at 2AM, Sharon answered our text immediately to give us some direction and peace of mind.  She was in close contact with us all the way through the birthing process, which helped us stay calm and confident during an obviously stressful time.  When my wife was in active labor, Sharon was like an angel in the delivery room with us.  She masterfully helped my wife through her contractions until she ultimately achieve her dream of giving birth naturally.  If my wife and I are lucky enough to have another child, Sharon will be our Doula once again. Overall, a phenomenal experience.  


Stephanie10/11/2022After working with Sharon, I can not imagine anyone giving birth without a doula. However, I can’t speak to all doulas so really I can’t imagine a birthing experience without Sharon. From the day we connected with her, very early in my pregnancy, we felt heard, supported and in safe, educated, experienced hands. We interviewed over a dozen local doulas and did not hesitate in securing Sharon after our first call.  My husband and I immediately appreciated her use of reliable, legitimate academic resources when answering our questions and concerns, of which we had many. She connected us with past clients of hers to speak about their experiences, which were glowing and comforting. Our sessions in person to prepare for the birth were hands-on, thorough, enlightening and encouraging. Sharon is as passionate as one can be about her profession- from the theoretical to the practical aspects of childbirth.  Most importantly, this passion proved to be essential when my birth ended up being a somewhat complicated, drawn-out one. Sharon was there for every minute- even before she arrived in person, her words over the phone to myself and husband were invaluable.  Once there, Sharon not only worked with us and the hospital staff in beautiful unison, but helped me physically and emotionally to birth my child into the world. I do not think I would have avoided a c-section, one of my main goals, without Sharon.  We count ourselves incredibly lucky to have found Sharon and had the experience we did, and to have her in our lives going forward, as well.


Chris5/23/2022I had the privilege of being the nurse who worked with Sharon during a first time mother's labor and delivery journey, and I can't stress enough what a pleasure it was to have worked with such a fantastic doula. Sharon is a natural with a gentle touch but a constant source of adamant support. She provided numerous labor support techniques and therapies, including massage, essential oils, frequent position changes using peanut balls and birth balls, and immediate postpartum and lactation support. She was constantly at the bedside working with her clients and the OB team to achieve a beautiful and safe labor and delivery journey that incorporated both maternal requests and appropriate medical interventions when necessary. She was never imposing, and was truly an integral member of the team whose input was respected, welcomed, and heard. She was my right hand woman especially when it came to the pushing stage, helping me turn the patient from side to side, use a squat bar, and encouraging different pushing techniques. I could not have done my job without Sharon's help, and when I couldn't be at the bedside, I knew that my patient was in skilled, caring hands. I have worked with many doulas over the years, and I can easily say Sharon was by far the best!! If you want someone who is in your corner, a constant source of support, and who is devoted to doing any and everything possible to achieve the birth story you desire, look no further than Sharon Penn. She easily and quickly bonded with her clients and the medical team, and she was absolutely integral in helping her client achieve a beautiful, gentle, and request-respected vaginal delivery, one surrounded by love, encouragement, and confidence in mom's abilities to bring her baby earthside. I whole-heartedly recommend her services to anyone seeking doula support, and I know that her clients and I are so thankful for the support she lent to all of us during our shared labor and delivery experience!!


Natasha Malik3/6/2022It's really difficult to put into words how amazing Sharon really is. From the first call, she had me in tears Bc she knows firsthand how vulnerable a mom-to-be feels and what she is going through. Throughout the process prior to my delivery, Sharon gave my husband and I the complete picture on what can happen and the options we have as parents. Obviously, you can't predict what happens the day of but we both felt confident and prepared.Day of delivery: As contractions started and as my blood pressure skyrocketed, I didn't know how this delivery would be. With the support of Sharon and my husband (who was following instructions from what we had learned from her), I was able to keep moving and focusing on my contractions. After being induced, I continued to have very strong contractions and before I knew it, I was 10 cm dilated and delivered my child with no pain meds. Was this what I thought would happen? Never. But I was so happy that we got through this journey together and that she was there to guide my husband and I the whole way. I would definitely recommend Sharon and if we plan to have a second child, will absolutely reach out to her again! 


Erika6/22/2021After hearing about doulas from family members, I knew that I needed a strong support person. Within the first few minutes of meeting Sharon, I knew that I needed her at my birth. Her motherly nature and passion for her work just shined through. She setup calls with us to educate us on labor, delivery, newborn care, breastfeeding, and anything else we wanted to discuss. She was informative, empowering and really gave us the tools to feel confident. She also never pushed her own opinions on us and provided us with facts and real data to drive our own decisions. She also educated us on our different options and rights. Sharon also came to our home for a prenatal visit. She spent time with us going over how to properly labor at home and the different stages of labor. Sharon was always available by phone to address any questions or concerns. Throughout my labor, Sharon was truly amazing. My labor progressed so quickly that we had to meet at the hospital. Even while she was driving there, she was on the phone walking us through every stage and calming our nerves. Sharon helped me with contractions by setting me up in different positions on the birthing ball. She brought oils and lotions to help calm me. I was 9cm when I arrived at the hospital and I vividly remember turning to Sharon and asking her if she thought I could do it without the epidural. She knew that I wanted to have a natural birth and in that moment really empowered me to say that I got this and we passed on the epidural. My delivery was smooth and she stayed to assist with breastfeeding. I was having trouble and Sharon immediately reached out to the birth community she is involved in and got us help. She also made a postpartum home visit to check up on us. Our entire experience was simply amazing and I would recommend Sharon to anyone who is looking for a doula. She made me a mom and for that I am forever grateful to her. When I am ready for baby #2, she will definitely be my first phone call. 


Ada12/22/2020Sharon is so professional and responsive. I would highly recommend her to my friends if they need her. This was my second pregnancy and both my husband and I look for a more comfortable birthing experience with less medical intervention. In addition, for the safety concern in the special time, we didn’t invite our parents to come over, so I hope I can recovery fast in order to take care of my baby better. Sharon was helpful in educating us on what to do during contraction and even specify some details we have to take care of during labor, which we are totally ignored for our first baby.  Sharon uses her motherly language and professional massage to help me reduce pain during contractions, I have to say it works and super amazing. I even forget the pain and naturally delivered my baby at home. She provided me a totally different picture that giving birth is not painful but an incredible experience that worths to feel without an epidural. I can immediately get off the bed and walk around after labor and full recovery in one week.


Karen ness11/12/2020Sharon was amazing! She is incredibly educated on all things pregnancy, labor and delivery and was available to answer any and all of my questions. She is friendly, funny, and genuine. She cares about the people she works with and has their best interest at heart. I couldnt have gone through my pregnancy and labor and delivery without her. I would recommend Sharon to anyone who would like to use a doula. She's wonderful!! 


Jessica7/24/2020Sharon was wonderful in supporting me and my husband throughout my pregnancy and childbirth!  She has a plethora of knowledge about all aspects of pregnancy and was so helpful.  If I had a question Sharon would always have not only an answer, but data and resources to back it up.  We are a modern orthodox Jewish couple and Sharon was very knowledgeable and supportive of our views of birth.  She connected me to a number of people to help support me during my pregnancy and had many useful tips to deal with different pregnancy issues. During my labor she was a superstar.  She helped me through painful labor contractions and was as hands on as I needed her to be.  One of my most vivid memories of labor was having a contraction while on a birthing ball, while Sharon gave me a hand massage with aromatherapy lotion to help get me through it.  It was so helpful and felt so nice to be pampered!  Sharon also had a great rapport with hospital staff and was able to help me advocate for what I wanted with her great bedside manner.  Once she was there, she was there to stay and be on call to assist, despite my labor being very long and despite the fact that I was able to go to sleep for a while after I finally had an epidural.  Sharon supported every choice I made during labor.  She took wonderful photos of the birth (at our request) and I am so happy to have them as a keepsake. After my son's birth Sharon continued to support us through the early phases of newborn-hood and helped connect us with resources and advice for diaper rash and many other things. There may be other doulas out there with more reviews (I had used a team like that previously) but Sharon gives her all to support her clients so far beyond what I expected. My experience was so incredibly positive.  You do not feel like you are just another client but a person that Sharon truly cares about and advocates for.


nicole meyers2/11/2020Sharon was amazing as our doula for the birth of our son! She stayed with us for our 78 hour labor and was truly a huge help not only for me but for my husband. Sharon was calm and encouraging throughout my whole labor and delivery. She is wonderful doula and I would highly recommend her! 


Jessica8/24/2019When we met Sharon the first time, we knew immediately that she was knowledgeable, passionate, and caring. We had a good feeling about her right away and hired her on the spot. It was a decision that truly made a real difference in our lives. We thought we were hiring her to help me get through labor, but what we didn't realize at the time was that we were going to get so much more than that. Both my husband and I were also going to receive constant support for the rest of the pregnancy. Sharon was invaluable with providing us with perspective, information, and support when we hit bumps in the road (i.e., gestational diabetes diagnosis, baby being breach, questions with how to talk to a care provider who wanted to induce me earlier than I was comfortable with). She is firmly an evidence-based doula whose advice and guidance is all well researched and supported. I believe she is a constant learner, as she was taking a course when we were working with her. She is also very connected in the birth community and had a great deal of experience. I learned more from Sharon in our 2-hr prenatal visit about labor coping mechanisms than I did in an 8-hr childbirth course I took. In my two days of being in labor, Sharon was fantastic. She knew when to step in and when to hold back. I feel deeply emotionally connected to Sharon, because she held our hands, so to speak, through a transformative and difficult experience. When I needed a good cry a few days after the birth, it was on the phone with Sharon that it happened. I am deeply grateful to her for the role she played in this pivotal part of our lives.  I could not recommend her more highly. 


Kristin Perret3/20/2018It would be hard to find the words to fully express my gratitude for Sharon and her role in the birth of my son (my first baby born Feb 2018).After first meeting Sharon in my home, I turned to my husband and said “I feel so much better that this will all go well!”  Since this was my first pregnancy, I was a little anxious and uninformed. Sharon walked us through so many aspects of the labor and birthing process. She answered all of our questions thoughtfully and professionally. My husband and I felt 10X more prepared after that initial encounter.But that wasn’t all. Sharon was available to me for follow-up questions and gave me feedback based on each of my doctor’s visits. She was like having a supportive coach with me every step of the way.But THAT wasn’t all...the day I went into labor Sharon‘s expertise REALLY shined!!! She guided me through my early labor, and was with me in my home to help me during my labor and the hospital for the delivery. Sharon is strong, knowledable, supportive, funny, and kind. She eased my back labor pain, helped me stay focused and goal-oriented, supported my husband, and helped me have EXACTLY the birth I was praying for.   I can say with 100% certainty that Sharon will be a MUST when it’s time for baby #2. Anyone who works with her is truly blessed!


Monica Bivas9/19/2017Sharon, has been a friend of mine for bout 12 years, she has been unconditional support and was my Doula for the first time & years ago during a very difficult time as my pregnancy in that time ended up in a stillbirth baby girl at 39 weeks of pregnancy.She was not only there as my Doula but as an incredible emotional support.Sharon was again my doula, 5 years later for my now 4 year old Daughter Maya, i couldnt be more happy and grateful to have her on my side, because i learned with her along with my husband the best techniques to deliver my baby without the need of epidural and using my breathing and control in a way that not only made the delivery faster but really calm.When i was in the labor of Maya, the staff of the hospital were in shock that every time they come to ask me if i want the Epidural, me and my husband will tell them No, because instead we were parcticing all the exercise and techniques that Sharon taught us the previous weeks before delivery.Once i delivered Maya, i honestly didnt feel any pain or unconrfort, and Sharon was with us almost until 3 am in the morning and until today she is always asking about Maya .I have no hesitation in refering Sharon as a doula, but also as an incredible support, she is loving and compassionate and the most important she loves what she does.


Robert Rainer1/24/2017My wife and I recently had twins and we have a daughter who was 2.5 years old when they were born. Our experiences with the hospital during the birth of our daughter were unsatisfactory and left us questioning things we could and should have done better. Determined not to have the same experiences with our twin boys, we decided to seek out a Douala. Sharon was wonderful to work with. She helped us immensely, not just by explaining our options and rights, but empowering us by helping us to be our own advocates. She was a fantastic birthing coach and while at first skeptical, I eventually came to see the merritt in having a Douala in the first place, particularly one with her background and experience. I highly recommend Sharon and the services she offered as they completely changed our experience with the whole process.


Sarah Deonarine1/23/2017Sharon was perfect and awesome.  Right from the first e-mails we exchanged until our last meeting with babies in hand, she was exactly what I and my husband needed.  My husband, who was not wholly on board with the idea of a doula ("Sure, if you think you need one."), wanted to hire her on the spot at our first meeting.  She was so empowering and full of wisdom and guidance, which was so important during my tumultuous second pregnancy with "higher" risk twins in the same placenta.  I would leave doctors appointments feeling so lost, but then I'd give her a call and she'd talk me through it and empower me to take charge of my pregnancy and delivery!  There isn't a doubt in my mind that I would have ended up with a C-section if not for her involvement.My first labor and delivery, for which I didn't have a doula, left me wishing for a different experience.  I would still be regretting not having a doula if not for Sharon teaching me to be proud that I used the experience to press on and seek out a doula for my second pregnancy.  My second pregnancy was intense physically, emotionally, mentally, and Sharon really held my hand through it.  Labor and delivery was very fast the second time around, but she helped ease my pain and kept me focused; she was also extremely supportive of my husband and stayed with me post-partum while my husband went with our twins to the NICU.Sharon is very well plugged in to the birthing community on Long Island and was able to offer all kinds of resources and information:  everything from a birth instructor to a chiropractor who could help get my Twin B head down.  She advised us on how to stimulate labor naturally (which finally happened the morning of my scheduled cesarean!) and how to manage my discomfort while pregnant.  When we parted ways after our final meeting, I felt like I was saying good-bye to a beloved family member. My advice: hire Sharon.


Kate Weiss11/21/2016Sharon was a wonderful addition to our birth team. She acted as a back up to Christina Bramante.My labor was nearly 80 hours long and Sharon stepped in midway through to relieve Christina.    Sharon did everything in her power to get my labor moving along.  She worked tirelessly to keep me in good positions and get the most out of each contraction that happened while offering moral support and support to my family around me.When it became clear that I needed to have a C-section, Sharon talked with my husband and I privately to make sure that we understood all of our options.   She was a wonderful advocate and team member throughout the whole labor event. She also came by about a week after I gave birth to see how I was doing and give me tips on nutrition and breast-feeding.I had a wonderful experience with Sharon and Christina and I would recommend them both highly to anyone who asks.