DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
16 TESTIMONIALS

Shirin Lowell

Shirin's Love

Valley Stream, NY  Service range 30 miles  Will travel to NYC and Long Island.

2036059984

https://shirins.love/

Birth Fee

$2600 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$70 to $80

CONTACT SHIRIN VIEW SHIRIN'S AVAILABILITY

Shana12/3/2022From day 1 it was a safe space to ask any questions and Shirin was a tremendous resource on pregnancy, birth, breastfeeding, and postpartum. Leading up to the birth, she was an amazing support! This included regular check-ins via WhatsApp, answering all of my questions as they came up, and she looked over our registry and gave great feedback! I was a bit nervous to experience such a vulnerable state with somebody I'd only met a few times but from the first contraction in her presence, I knew we made the right choicw.  She synched our breathing and was a humble witness to the sacred experience that had begun. And as labor progressed, she became more hands on, helping me maneuver into more comfortable positions and keep my rhythm. She kept the energy light and fun. Her ability to adapt to my real-time needs was remarkable. My birth was as close to a home birth experience as possible in a hospital setting. It was beautiful and raw and I could not have done it without her. I felt that she had such a confidence that I could give birth that it manifested into reality. I felt safe in her presence and the precious moments of becoming parents will always be held in my heart with Shirin with us. Following the birth, she checked in often and had tips to help us transition smoothly into our new roles. She also gave me a tremendous amount of guidance to care for my body postpartum. I attribute a lot of our success to Shirin’s unending support, guidance, and love. Working with Shirin means being supported fully and truly- and feeling her love through this wild experience. It's amazing to see somebody working in a field that's so aligned with who they are as a person. Hiring Shirin was definitely the best financial investment we could've made to bring our goals of having a natural birth into reality. We’re forever thankful to Shirin for helping us cultivate such a beautiful experience and helping us welcome our precious son into the world.  


Justice6/23/2022Shirin was the perfect addition in our journey to our baby girl!! We are first time parents with no experience and a very nervous husband :) Shirin really took the time to get to know us and tailor the experience to fit our needs. I wanted the chillest birth possible and for me that was at the hospital with an epidural. I also did not want to breastfeed. She educated me on what that looked like, what my opinions were and was super supportive of my decisions. Shirin also offers so many services which ended up being really important to me. It felt like she was really committed to me and our family and I fully trusted her because we were albe to get to know each other along the way. Pregnancy classes - She taught us the basic stuff in a way we could understand. She walked me through what my day might look like when I went into labor. Helped me with my birth plan. Taught me different things to keep my comfortable in pregnancy and labor. The big thing for me with these classes was that she held me accountable in a very nourtouring way. Life is busy! I needed the gentle reminders to research this or stretch that.Labor - HEAVEN SENT! Everything we needed (my husband needed her just as much as I did!) She was there for us, listened to what I was feeling and explained things to made sure we understood our options. She kept us calm and ultimately kept the whole process calm which helped us have the experience we hoped for. Food - She cooked nourishing food for me that was so yum! One less thing for me to think about and I knew my body was getting what it needed. Do this!Postpartum Help - By this point it felt like she was part of our family. She came into our home and let me decompress - fed me, helped me around the house, watched the baby so I could shower, etc. Gave me a reset so I could enjoy this special time. She also checked in on me - healing, mentally, etc. Let Shirin help you on this journey!! 


Sarah Schinasi4/25/2022The fourth trimester has been such a vulnerable and intimate period for our family, especially as first time parents.  We asked Shirin to be part of our "village" and it was one of the most empowering and beneficial decisions we made throughout our pregnancy, birth, and postpartum experience.  She is nurturing and supportive, knowledgable and balanced in her perspective.  She honors the ritual and traditions of motherhood (and parenthood, in general), while also helping to develop and implement a path to healing that fits within our lifestyle, and is attainable and sustainable.  She creates a safe space to process and heal emotionally and physically from whatever your birth experience may be, and her food is incredible!  As first time parents, we took classes and read books, but nothing could have truly prepared us for the fourth trimester.  I cannot imagine surviving (and even thriving!) the fourth trimester without Shirin's unwavering support - truly life changing.  I would highly reccommend her to anyone who is even *considering* a postpartum doula.   


Melissa Skolnick4/6/2022Shirin joined us for 10 sessions and was instrumental in my recovery postpartum - especially following an unplanned c-section. She was a calming force in our home and anticipated our needs to help us feel relaxed and assured at what otherwise would have been a very anxious and chaotic time. I'm sure her skills and services adapt to every client. For us that meant the tangibile - help with organizing the nursery and all of the new baby gear, meal prep for both myself and my husband, researching the best breast pump for going back to work, as well as the intangible - listening to anxieties as we navigated this new reality. We also took advantage of her delicious energy bites and soups and gifted some to friends. We truly felt nourished. Shirin took care of me to allow us to take care of and enjoy our baby girl.


Alyson2/17/2022Shirin's guidance and support has been invalubale for us as we prepare for our first child. Our first session together felt like the most productive hours of prenatal care that I've yet to receive. She is well informed, thorough and is like a real-life fairy godmother. I highly recommend her services to any expecting parent and we cannot wait to have her support postpartum too!


Sarah1/27/2022I can't recommend Shirin enough! Shirin is knowledgeable, is passionate about her work, has a thoughtful methodology, is incredibly kind, and is confident. The key for me was the balance between kindness and confidence. I'm a natural caretaker so I knew I needed a doula who I could trust to take the reins when necessary. Shirin also did a great job of including my husband into the experience as well. With each interaction I became more and more certain that our experience was going to be filled with love in a way that helped me remove the fear that I was bringing to the table. Plus Shirin is fun and easy to talk to!Shirin taught us new things about the birthing experience, provided a decision making rubric for when things would come up during delivery, and reinforced other topics that we learned in our birthing class so that when the big day arrived we were able to easily pull those tools out of our "toolkit". She also lifted the research burden off of my shoulders for many things and made herself available for questions via text and email; an example is how she looked over our baby registry and gave advice on how to potentially adjust it.Shirin was deeply respectful of my decisions and helped me understand my options while not influencing my decisions. During the labor experience, it's hard to know what decisions to make; having Shirin by my side made everything less intimidating and her loving presence left me feeling physically and mentally supported. I am incredibly happy with how it all played out.A few days after the birth, Shirin came to our home for a postpartum visit. She brought tea, boiled herbs for a comfy sitz bath, and walked through some things that we weren't completely confident about with the baby. We still continue to text as she checks in on how we're all recovering. It has been wonderful to have unconditional support from Shirin!


Jennifer Carpio1/10/2022The moment our zoom meeting ended, I knew shirin was the doula I wanted to work with. She was exactly who I needed on my birth team. She is  calm, caring, and resourceful and with Shirin’s guide along with my husband, I was able to maneuver the most powerful experience a women can go through.Shirin answered all my questions/concerns I had and set me up for the most glorious birth of bringing my little girl into this world! I achieved my goal of a fully unmedicated and no medical interventions while giving birth at a hospital.Shirin was always there for me, made me feel secure throughout my pregnancy and after birth, by listening and providing resources on any topic I had.I learned brand new things like baby wearing, cloth diapering and taking care of myself internally as well as externally during postpartum.She is very passionate and her love shines through her work


Alexandra Lerman1/8/2022Shirin came into our life when I was expecting our first baby. She shared her time generously with my partner and I and has been in touch ever since we started working together. As first time parents we needed a lot of reassurances and encouragement and she became a pillar of support we could lean on when my doctors did not spend much time explaining and discussing the issues that arose throughout the third trimester.  Shirin gently guided us through many decisions which had to be made later in the pregnancy which were always leaning towards a more natural birth, away from giving into the conservative standard practices of the medical establishment. She encouraged us to find an acupuncturist and a chiropractor for the breech baby at 36 weeks. Once my labor started she gently held me back from jumping into the car to go to the hospital, which resulted in me laboring for as long as possible in the comfort of our home and getting to the hospital at 10cm dilated and ready to push. This led to a fast and unmedicated birth, which was what I originally wanted! Most importantly, Shirin never made my partner and I feel like we were asking obvious questions, that she knew more than us, or that there was one right way to go through labor. The postpartum visit with Shirin was very important because she taught me many things the hospital staff didn’t have time to go through, such as the best way to use a sitz bath or why it’s important to wear a newborn. Shirin’s energy is very gentle and kind and had a calming effect on me during labor. She really enjoys helping others have a great birth experience. Being a doula is truly a calling for her. I was lucky to have her by my side! 


Kim Cardoso12/16/2021My husband Juan and I were lucky to have Shirin a part of our lives and our special journey of pregnancy and child birth.  The moment we met Shirin at a 'Meet the Doula' zoom meeting, we knew right away that we connected with her.  During our free consultation, we explained to Shirin what we were looking for within our birth plan and support.  Shirin's communication, experience, and knowledge made us feel safe.  She shared several techniques and methods on how we could reach our birth plan milestones.  She also explained what usually take place at the hospital within a birth and made sure we felt as ready as we can be.  Shirin never made us feel dumb for asking several questions about child birth and postpartum in general.  Postpartum was one of my biggest concerns and Shirin made sure that we felt comfortable with that topic and ready for when the time came.  As soon as I started labor, Shirin was by our sides the entire time.  She made sure we understood all communication coming from the hospital staff and again, that made us feel safe.  One thing that we loved, with our consent, is that Shirin captured our birth moment by taking pictures randomly and that is something that we can always go back to and recherish that memory.  As far as our postpartum visits, she came over and helped me with almost everything you could think of.  As being new parents, we had tons of questions which she answerred and helped us understand all of our options.  Even when Shirin was not in our house for a visit, she always made herself available by phone and always checked in on us by text. For our last visit, she even helped us pack for our move, which was not easy with a newborn.  Overall, Shirin just helped make everything easier from the beginning to end and I would recommend her to anyone.  She is a true blessing and a dedicated doula.


Marchelle Charles8/22/2021I must say having Shirin by my side and on my support team with my fiancé for my first time pregnancy during a global pandemic was pretty easy and a true pleasure.Being a first time mom, I had NO IDEA what I was doing. No classes just word of mouth and things I learned along the way. But, when you can have a little more insight and reassurance to a process virtually unknown. She brings exactly that… just in case you’re like me [type A personality] with major anxiety.Her calm and warm approach transcends to her doula services. I would always feel secure and delicate, considerate and encouraged in womanhood. She ensures you, will have your needs met and will demand your ideal birthing experience, wherever you choose that to be. You know… the one in your mind, the one your ancestors did thousands of years ago. Yeah that one…it will be written down, not just in that pretty little brain of yours.Shirin will remind you that your body is capable of doing something miraculous and will support you in all your desires even if it changes along the way. She enabled me to have a positive and placid birthing experience despite the hiccups along the way. I gave birth in March 2021 and now I am a mother of a healthy baby boy. We enjoyed seeing her during our post partum sessions. Each time with something new to learn or to lend a hand. Yummy treats to keep strong which I highly suggest.Thank you for being authentic soul. Blessings!Peace + Love,Marchelle & Baby Nova


Olga8/11/2021We had only one in person session with Shirin right after birth of my son when we arrived home from hospital. It was incredibly useful. Shirin helped me with so many things: established confidence in my breastfeeding (this was a very big help, I think without it I could be misled with worries and wrong advice), helped by giving me great information to prepare for postpartum period (which things to get, what food to make and freeze, what to expect), helped with healing the stitches and easing pain, gave advice about little things here and there like baby wearing and nail cutting - which all together are helping me in a profound way. Most importantly, in general with her approach Shirin allowed me to trust myself, and reassured me that my instincts and intuition anout my baby were valid and essential to everything. I am very thankful and I'd recommend Shirin to any mother ??


Tricia Philips5/5/2021I absolutely love Shirin!!! Hiring her was hands down the best thing I have done for myself in a long time...and maybe ever. I have 4 children and this time around I really desired some support with healing and resting well during my immediate postpartum. I was also looking for someone who had some experience and knowledge supporting postpartum women in a sacred way; bringing ritual, and ceremony to this special time. Shirin supported me so well - every visit was filled with herbal baths, infusions, broths, steaming, moxa, castor oil packs, etc. and woman to woman connection. She was able to wear my baby so that I could take baths and just have some hands free time. My other three kids loved her coming over too, as she became part of the family of the course of six weeks. She was so warm and calming and wise....and brought such a soothing energy to such a sacred window in my life.   I highly recommend Shirin ??


Sarah Sabiniano3/25/2021In my gut I knew we needed a doula with today's flawed health care system and I am so glad that I followed my instincts! We found Shirin through DoulaMatch.com and met with her in my last trimester and she provided to us a trove of information we needed to ready ourselves for the VBAC that I wanted. She lived so close to us too -- making our match even better. With her help she assisted me in instilling the confidence I truly needed to face the challenges I'd encounter during my hospital birth. With her gentle and non intrusive yet assertive and truly passionate guidance, I pulled together a birth plan that I believed in, she helped me find mantras to keep morale up during labor, loaned us essential equipment that she felt worked for our living situation, suggested my artwork and a photo of my son be present during labor, and even shared an awesome music playlist that we incorporated into our own. She stayed with us during my 31 hour birth and was a witness to the difficult moments we encountered at the hospital. In that time she gave me the encouragement, touch and coaching I needed to work through the waves of my contractions. And during my post partum visit, she and I combed through and validated my thoughts and emotions about my birth story. She continued to check in on me and answer any questions that I had in my fourth trimester. I felt that she was a necessary part of my birth team that truly believed in the amazing innate power of a woman's ability to bring a baby earthside with little to no medical intervention. She respected my decision to get an epidural and educated me enough that I felt I got it at the right stage of my labor. Shirin comes highly recommended by our little family and I can't thank her enough for being part of our second son, Gabriel Remy's birth. We will always remember her role in this life altering event!


Allison2/22/2021We had an absolutely wonderful experience with Shirin, both for postpartum doula care in winter 2020 and for home organization about a year later in winter 2021.  She came into our home about a month after I had my first baby, when I realized how much help I needed once my husband went back to work.  She was such a positive, calming, supportive and useful resource for me during that time--I don't know how I would have navigated without her.  Once the pandemic hit, we unfortunately had to cut our time short, but I am so grateful for the 6 or so weeks she was in our home.  This past winter, when we were gearing up to move, we hired her to come back for her excellent home organizational services (which I saw in action during the postpartum period!).  She helped me clear out and organize our apartment in preparation for our move, bringing strategy and a plan to something I found very overwhelming.  She was incredibly hands on and helped me power through an immense amount of work.  Our move went very seamlessly, in large part because she helped us prepare.  I would welcome the opportunity to work with Shirin again, and I highly recommend her to anyone else.


Monique McKoy12/29/2020What an amazing individual with great energy. What I love about my experience during and after birth is that Shirin takes the time to listen to my needs and then provides a plan that works for my family. Her level of expertise and compassion is unparalled.As a West Indian woman who was raised and believes in much of the traditional customs, Shirin was eager to learn about my traditions and encouraged me to listened to my inner self, which is very important. Sometimes as parents we doubt ourselves. Very seldom, do you find someone who takes pride in what they enjoy.You will not be disappointed with Shirin by your side during your pregnancy journey. Shirin also provided resources and I was happy that I wrote down my birthing plan. During my postpartum she went above and beyond by preparing vegan soups that was unbelievable and provided tips to help with my milk supply since Im breastfeeding exclusively. If you want someone to be constantly be there for you Shirin is the doula for you. No matter the time of the day she is always available to be there for you.As we know one's birthing experience doesn't always go according to plan, but your birthing experience will be worth it having someone like Shirin by your side.   


Jessica Stygares7/10/2019I can’t recommend Shirin’s postpartum doula services enough. My postpartum period was a series of highs and lows, and Shirin served as a source of strength, positivity, and support through all of it. She was there for me for everything from helping me process and accept a difficult labor and delivery that went differently than planned, to talking through and validating decisions big and small, to cooing over and admiring my baby with me. i am someone who has difficulty accepting help, but Shirin’s gentle and non-intrusive manner made the experience completely comfortable. Her little touches like bringing food, washing bottles, and helping with organization made a huge difference in my day to day. I am so looking forward to having Shirin around for baby #2!