DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
22 TESTIMONIALS

Vicki Bloom

Whole Self Doula

Dobbs Ferry, NY  Service range 30 miles  Covering Westchester County, Bronx, Queens, Manhattan, Brooklyn, and parts of LI. Car available.

914-450-9574

http://www.wholeselfdoula.com

Birth Fee

$1500 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $55

Availability Remarks: Providing virtual, hybrid, and in-person services in Westchester, Bronx, Manhattan, Queens, and Brooklyn. Vaccinated.

CONTACT VICKI VIEW VICKI'S AVAILABILITY

Shelly Nelson-Shore7/25/2023Vicki was my doula with both of my children, and even though those births couldn't have been more different (a 38-hour induction ending in a c-section vs a 6-hour, unexpectedly unmedicated VBAC), I can't imagine doing either one without her incredible support. As a nonbinary, disabled, and plus-sized pregnant person, having a doula who didn't need to be educated about queer and disabled identities and could just work with me as a full, embodied person was so important to me -- and Vicki absolutely did that. In preparing for my second birth, she was so supportive in helping me process my induction and c-section experience in order to get into a good headspace to attempt my VBAC, and when my second labor went WAY faster than expected, her guidance made a huge difference in helping me get through that overwhelming experience. I'm so grateful to have had her support and partnership, and I can't recommend her enough!


Nikki6/27/2022Hiring Vicki was the best pregnancy decision we made!We reached out to Vicki really early on in our pregnancy and so she really helped us figure out what we wanted in a birth (we would have never considered home birth until Vicki explained it to us and I'm so glad we did!).  Vicki was especially helpful with educating us on the basics of pregnancy (helping me understand what was happening to my body & what would happen in labor).It was also amazing to have her at the labor as it took the pressure off of us to figure out when to call the Midwives.  She was a great support and fit right in with our midwifery team.


Audrey Marshall6/23/2022Vicki went absolutely above and beyond in her support of our birth experience. We had only just brought her on when I went into labor early, and then had to switch gears from the midwife-attended birthing center plan we'd had to a hospital birth--it was a memorable first meeting!Vicki was a calm, collected presence that made our first birthing experience an easy, peaceful one, despite the unexpected change of plans. Her support enabled me to have the unmedicated birth I'd hoped for, and she was expert at advocating for me with regard to comfort supplies, positions, and interventions... even going so far as to firmly but kindly tell the nurses I did not need an IV while actively pushing as long as things were progressing well (and they were). Vicki was absolutely my superhero on my child's birth day, and my partner and I could not be more grateful for her flexibility, dedication, and expertise.


Wilda9/11/2021After researching NYC doula options throughout my prenatal care, I found Vicki Bloom. We chatted over the phone and fortuitously for us, she was able to take us on as clients, though I like to believe our baby choose her for this experience. Our 2nd time around, my husband & I planned our birth outside of the hospital setting to feel honored and listened to in our birthing experience. It was no doubt reassuring to learn of Vicki’s extensive experience with birthing centers and midwives. She was a great presence and resource throughout our prenatal care with video and email check-ins, and shared a plethora of knowledge for our birthing plan and preferences. Once we went into labor, Vicki rushed to meet us birthing pool side and helped us explore a number of birthing positions at the birthing center. She quickly engaged in our care with the midwifery staff on duty and was instrumental throughout my contractions. Vicki helped to relieve my contractions with counter pressure to my tailbone, and showed my husband different support strategies as well. A short time later, we delivered a healthy, beautiful baby boy as effortlessly as humanly possible. This would not have been any more seamless without the knowledge, experience, and power of Vicki’s doula toolbox in physically and emotionally supporting us through the process. Vicki remained with us through the natural delivery of my placenta which took some time and our baby’s first latch and feed. She was able to memorialize the experience with photos and beautifully encapsulated my placenta. She met with us postpartum just days later to ensure that we were all doing well, including our little one’s latch and feed. We had a honored birthing experience welcoming our son into the world and could not have done it any more effortlessly without you. We are eternally grateful. Thank you for everything, Vicki!


Pgupta7/31/2021Having Vicki with me during my pregnancy and delivery was such a blessing for me. She guided me so good, sometimes I felt she knows even better than the doctors. She was my true support system in my journey of having a baby. She is very caring, great listener, great advisor, empathetic, very knowledgeable about all subjects related to health and care of mother and the baby, so prompt in answering phone calls. There was not even a one single time where I felt that it is hard to reach out to her in anyway. I truly appreciate and want to say thanks to Vicki for her support and care she provided me. She is a wonderful human being, so loving and caring. Beautiful inside and out. God bless Vicki as she helps so many women like me In pre and post time of pregnancy. I truly recommend Vicki to everyone, she is the best.


Cheve6/26/2021Before Vikki arrived, our delivery was up in the air. I never knew how much a single person could do to help guide me through the pain and decision-making involved in my labor and delivery. Thank you so much for your dedication and commitment to this powerful experience! We meant it when we said that we couldn't have done it without you. You are very good at what you do and we would be happy to recommend you to anyone! 


Catalina & Co10/20/2020We found Vicki here and fell in love with her holistic approach. Due to the pandemic, we met through zoom. Nonetheless, we got a good sense and knew Vicki was the right doula for us. She is communicative, reliable, open and very knowledgeable about the birthing process and postpartum care/healing. Vicki provided us with techniques and information to prepare for birth throughout the months. We are grateful for everything but there is something she taught us, which we never imagined would be so crucial during the first day of our son’s life. She taught us about the SNS system (suplemental nursing system). However, knowing about this system, saved us from having to give formula to our little one who wasn’t peeing for first 36 hours of life. The hospital was pushing us to give him formula but thanks to Vicki, we knew about the SNS system and we also knew our hospital provided Donor’s Milk. Vicki is a pleasure to spend time with and clearly has a passion for empowering families with balanced information and confidence.Having Vicki at my very long and painful birth was one of the best gifts of my birthing experience. Vicki showed up with a birthing ball, guided me through helpful positions; gave me peppermint essential oil when I was nauseous and vomiting and, guided me in using sounds when all I wanted was to scream. Most importantly, she coached me and was instrumental in my pushing stage. I pushed for a long time and she reminded me constantly to use the right parts of my body.Vicki was also instrumental in helping my partner and myself make decisions throughout the birthing journey. We discussed everything that happened before it happened and that made me feel very safe. She is very good at helping you see the bigger picture. Despite a long and painful birth, I think of my birth experience as beautiful and empowering one thanks to the support we received from Vicki. 


Jules3/13/2020My partner and I met Vicki the day I went into labor. I had requested a Doula through The Doula Project and through serendipity and divine timing, I was paired with Vicki the morning that my son decided to arrive. I do believe it had something to do with the calm and safe support I felt after meeting her. Vicki provided realistic, educated, and experienced answers to all my questions and I felt so comfortable that she was my ally in making my birth experience exactly how I wanted it. Throughout pregnancy I was dedicated to having a natural birth, and insistent on not delivering on my back. Because Vicki was so experienced in the hospital experience and how to navigate with nurses and midwives in the room and in real time, she knew how to interpret my needs when I wasn't able to. I am so grateful Vicki was in the room with us.


Chris & Angelys McFarland1/31/2020I can't say enough nice things about Vickis supportiveness and patience during our time with her.She elevated the entire birthing experice through her confidence and nuturing manner.The stretches, conersation, and laughter was so important to us on the day we welcomed our daughter into the world. Even though we wernt able to arrange a time to meet beforehand (our daughter upped the duedate on us) Vicki stepped right into the equasion and immediately established herself as a trusted resource. Our hours with her will be forever entwined into the story of our little girl.Thank you so much for all the help, we are forever grateful. 


Michiko Sasaki1/17/2020I gave birth for the first time on Dec 30, 2019 and had the pleasure of working with my exceptional Doula Vicki Bloom. I was introduced to her through the Doula Project in NYC, and from our very first meeting through my postpartum meeting, I could not say one bad thing about her. She was everything I expected and more! She was extremely thourough about pregnancy, labor, birth process, baby questions, hospitals and more. She answered any and all questions I had to ask, was extremely patient and took as much time as needed with her, returned all my phone calls and texts within arms reach, eased all my fears, showed up timely during my labor no matter where she was, and was extremely dedicated and available throughout my 34 hr labor/birth with strategic ways to cope with pain, preparation, and negotiation with hospital staff. I could have not had a better outcome, and 100% happy with her presence and work! Her knowledge in her profession is very extensive, very experienced in all different circumstances, very honest, authentic to her work and has a fine balance of what's best for you as a patient and the rest of the team. She is also very kind, grounded, clear and concise, easy to talk to and the kind of person you can talk to about anything during anytime. She is someone I will always remember and plays a big part of my birth life and my son. I know she will serve and dedicate herself to the fullest every chance she gets! She is a pure gift. 


Tamara Ferguson12/16/2019Having Vicki by my side throughout my entire laboring experience was the best decision I could have ever made in my life. She is a godsend, very compassionate, patient and comforting. I was having my first child and as you can imagine I had no clue what going through labor was going to be like. When I was told that it would be a wise choice to have a doula I didn't think much of it then at the last minute, weeks before my due date, I was fortunate enough to find Vicki. No words can describe how amazing this lady really is. She stayed by my side and stayed awake for hours into the next day without taking a break to make sure I was breathing the pain away, working through my contractions and even taught me how to effectively push when the time came. She maintained an upbeat, positive, jovial attitude even when I was being a little difficult when the pain became too overwhelming. If I had to do it a thousand times over again I would always choose Vicki. This wonderful woman even stayed after my delivery to make sure baby and I were in good hands and was doing okay. She spoke to doctors and kept me out of confusion and minimized my stress. She also had another doula named Luar who was also part of the experience. Luar provided a great amount of information with helpful tips and facts to educate me through the labor process which helped me tremendously as well. I am definitely recommending them to everyone I know, truly greatful to have found Vicki.


Doris Sarpong11/2/2019So this was my second time having Ms. Vicki Bloom involved in my birthing and delivery experience, and it’s always my pleasure. I love the healthy gifts I recieve at the end of the experience with her; a healthy & safe blessed delivery and an even happier healthy babies delivered safely thanks to her and her efficient and supportive ways she used while she coached me while I was in labor. I had a non-complicated labor and delivery, and both times she advocated for me and stood by me while I had 2 natural births to my children my son Noël-Blair who is 4 1/2 years old & My Daughter Nirvana who is 2 months old. Ms. Bloom is very friendly, attentive and experienced at what she does which is being the most hands on self advocate, best doula/mid wife lactation specialist I could ever ask for.


Lindsey Lange-Abramowitz10/31/2019Leading up to and during our birth, Vicki truly supported us in our decisions by both providing us with information and helping us know what to ask our doctors. We always felt like Vicki gave us the space to make decisions without judgement and worked to ensure these decisions were honored in the hospital as much as possible. Vicki also brought a huge amount of knowledge to our birth experience and we genuinely believe that that knowledge played an important role in helping us avoid a c-section. She was always responsive when we needed her leading up to the birth and tirelessly stayed by our side for my 26 hour labor. For these reasons and more, we are truly grateful that Vicki was part of our birth experience.


Nicole8/21/2019Vicki Bloom was the best support system I ever had. She was not only was she there for me from prenatal to  post natal, she saved me and my baby from an unnecessary early cesarean birth. She provided excellent knowledge advice and service. Thanks to Vicki,  I have a healthy full term baby boy and we are doing well. She is a great person to have as a doula with much knowledge and experience. Thank you so much for all you have done ??.


Anastasia6/30/2019The fear of unknown was so strong that we decided to use Vicky Bloom’s service for the birth of our first child. The contractions were strong and the positioning Vicky recommended eased them. We had a 44 hour labor and I still believe that I could go longer if I needed. Vicky has supported me from beginning in till the end. She listened to my body and knew what is the best for me. The baby and I had no complication, no anesthetics, and no pain killers afterwards. I had a natural vaginal birth. We highly recommend Vicky’s service. 


Maggie McCormick Shaw8/22/2018Vicki was incredible to work with and made our entire birth experience positive, fun, and easy to navigate and understand. Vicki has an excellent command of what to expect from a variety of birth scenarios because she is so experienced and this made us feel well-taken care of and well-supported. The combination of her kind and supportive personality paired with her professionalism and insight was the perfect balance to help us through each step of the process and feel empowered and educated to make the best choices for our birth vision.Vicki is an excellent and prompt communicator who listens actively and does a wonderful job to collaboratively create a birth plan based on the specific needs of her clients—I think we would have felt so differently about our birth experience if we had not had the support of Vicki before, during, and after. Vicki met with us twice prior to our actual birth and also followed up after with each session being a safe, open forum to ask questions and air concerns or fears as well as explore dreams and hopes of best possible outcomes. Vicki was also readily available by phone and text, which was really helpful because we had a few scenarios where we weren’t quite sure what to do and she was able to quickly and effectively answer questions. Vicki did an amazing job of listening thoughtfully and helping us synthesize our feelings into a strategic plan for our birth. These sessions were really helpful and important for setting the expectations for our experience with Vicki and our other practitioners so that by the time the birth happened we felt very prepared.I would HIGHLY recommend Vicki to anyone who is seeking the services of a doula for their birth. Vicki is passionate about the work that she does and it comes through so clearly in the patient and thoughtful way that she services her clients. THANK YOU SO MUCH for making our birth the absolute best— looking forward to the next one!! ????


Georgette Fleischer5/31/2018First of all, I must commend the Doula Project itself as an invaluable advocate. Sometimes the medical establishment views us within categories--especially when we are unusual as a result of identity--while the Doula Project listens to us as individuals in order to advocate for us to have the birth closest to our ideal within the context of medical wisdom. From the start I really appreciated Vicki's encouraging me to ask questions, to determine what the range of choices was, and to understand the benefits and risks of each decision. In my own case, I did decide because of advanced maternal age and medical advice to have an induced labor. Vicki was there to meet me at the hospital when I checked in, and she made sure that between her and her Doula Project partner on my case, I always had a doula to advocate for me from start to finish, through 27 hours of labor and beyond. Indeed, Vicki took the first photo of my baby, within minutes of her birth! From our first pre-birth meeting, Vicki correctly identified me as a physically fit person who would benefit from maintaining a physically active relationship to my labor and delivery. I brought a yoga mat and pilates ring to the hospital, and Vicki advocated for my being able to use them, even though my baby had to be monitored throughout the induced labor: we set up my yoga and pilates equipment right next to the bed, and Vicki advocated for periodic breaks from the monitor, especially in light of the fact that my baby was doing so well throughout. When I delivered my daughter, I surprised a number of the doctors, including one who thought a C-section would be a foregone conclusion, by delivering vaginally, after only about five minutes of pushing. I am very grateful to Vicki for her steadfast advocacy that led to such a positive birth experience for me and my daughter.


Anastasia Bailey1/25/2018Vicki Bloom was a outstanding Doula, my experience with her was beyond words and was a blessing. Vixki went above and beyond to make my first delivery very memerable, she is caring, very approachable and was avaiable at all ours of the day or night close to my due date. Vicki made my experience my own she was on top of things at the hospital and made sure all my needs pertaining to my Burth Plan were not only met but carried out fully. Vicki has a geniue concern about my care during birth i was induced so it was a lenthy and painful birth for me but sbe was there everyday and all night holding my hand and encouraging me to relax, breathe, and stay clam inspite of my frustrations. I had nobody to deliver with me if not for her. Thanks to her My son arrived here safe and sound. Even after birth Vicki visted me after i delivred to see how am manging and dealing with New Mother hood and she also showed me breastfeeding tips, i would Highly recommend her to anybody looking for a Doula, she is not only well experienced but her level of passion and dedication to her clients will make your experience pricless ill definely contact her in The future when i deliver again.


Jamie M. Cox1/9/2018Vicki Bloom was wonderful from start to finish. Her guidance and warmth were a great comfort before, during and after the birth of our son. She kept me calm during labor with her knowledge during labor. I also appreciated how she helped my husband be hands on during labor. We are eternally grateful to The Doula Project and to Vicki.


Suzanne2/15/2017My husband and I had the privilege of working with Vicki. We were able to tell how great she was from the minute we spoke to her on the phone. She was easily accessible, reachable, approachable and knowledgeable. She always responded to me promptly, never making us feel like anything was unimportant or trivial. She eased my anxiety throughout the pregnancy, hospital stay, home visits and beyond. She continually checks in on me and the baby. I ended up having a scheduled c-section (the baby was breached), Vicki was there for us every step of the way, in the hospital, recovery and postpartum. She explained everything, and tough my husband and I different techniques to better help with the pregnancy and delivery. Vicki took the time to get to know us as people and parents. She was a pleasure to work with, she truly helped us along the pregnancy and parenthood journey. Not only is Vicki a trained and professional doula, she is also a fantastic lactation consultant who prepared me for nursing prior to the baby, in the hospital, at our postpartum home visit,  and even a few weeks post with nursing techniques and advice.She became part of our family and team.    We are forever grateful to Vicki. We would highly recommend Vicki to anyone who is considering hiring a doula.


Ashley Tanz8/10/2016I was matched with Vicki and another wonderful doula through The Doula Project shortly after unexpectedly finding out I was pregnant with my son in 2014. Vicki provided me with a wealth of information and supported me throughout my pregnancy and birth at St. Lukes. She is fiery, intelligent, knowledgeable, understanding, and deeply committed to social justice. Not only do I admire her as a person, but I would highly reccomend her to anyone considering doula services.


Subtle House3/15/2016Vicki is a dream doula! Working with her was an absolute pleasure. She appreciated, respected, and welcomed all three of us in conversations about every aspect of pregnancy, birth, and post-birth, including separate check-ins with each of the non-pregnant adults to ask how she could support us and what we were likely to need during the birth process. She not only remembered the right pronouns for us but code-switched smoothly in medical situations where we'd opted not to disclose them. She provided us with a wealth of useful, accurate knowledge, and always communicated clearly and warmly. She even made time to visit Manhattan and tour our hospital birthing center.At the hospital, our doctors and nurses loved her. She knew just when to be pushy and when to stay out of the way. She followed our lead and was entirely supportive of our decisions; for example, she taught and recommended breathing techniques for pain management during contractions, and when we made the shift from "let's try this without drugs" to "GET ME THE EPIDURAL NOW" she immediately buttonholed a nurse and had the anesthesiologist brought in. She texted informative, cheerful updates to our parents. (Parent-wrangling: possibly the most important of all doula skills.) Before, during, and after delivery, she was endlessly comforting and reassuring, and her calm presence and aura of experience and confidence helped us to stay calm too.Since our child was born, Vicki has visited us and stayed in touch to make sure we're doing well, and has cheerfully answered all our questions about breastfeeding and other parenting matters.Our only regret about not planning to have another child is that we can't hire Vicki again!Xtina, Josh, Rose, and baby Kit