DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
19 TESTIMONIALS

Vicky Deutsch - EMT-B, CD (DONA),CVD

Vicky Doula Services

Monsey, NY  Service range 70 miles  I travel but include the travel cost in my fee

845.533.6852

https://vickydoula.services/

Birth Fee

$1500 to $2500

CONTACT VICKY VIEW VICKY'S AVAILABILITY

Devorah Altman7/19/2023Hiring Vicky was the best move! She was so helpful throughout the entire pregnancy, offering advice and answering questions as they came up. She helped me prepare physically and emotionally for the birth and even though it didn't go as planned she was calm, cool and collected as well as reassuring to both me and my husband. She has a wealth of knowledge about all the scenarios that could play out and I felt well prepared with her as new things developed. Thank you for all the support and guidance during and after the pregnancy, I will definitely be recommending you! 


Goldy6/30/2023So happy I found Vicky! She provided a wealth of information to make sure we understand everything about my pregnancy, labor and delivery, and postpartum. She was easy to communicate with and infused so much positive energy! Vicky made us feel super confident and comfortable approaching my birth as a first time mother. Her dedication, knowledge, and experience really spoke for itself! Highly recommended! 


Charnie werczberger aka Empowered_mamas6/5/2023Hi Vicky!Thank you for making my birth experience so beautiful and relaxing! From the beginning of signing up with you to way after birth you are always available, you go all the way out. And with all the packages you give, every detail is so thought out. I loved it! Thank you again! Your an amazing person!


Devora Katz5/14/2023Vicky was amazing from beginning to end! She helped me throughout my pregnancy with any questions or resources I needed and when I went into labor she was available immediately and came to my house to help me labor at home before we went to the hospital. She was a calming energy and had so many great tips and tricks to help! She also gave gift packages to my nurse and midwife and came to visit the next day with the cutest postpartum gift bag for me and my little boy. Highly recommend Vicky if you want a positive birth!


S E5/11/2023Vicky was awesome! So clear and Informative! Her Birthing class is a must! I came in unsure and left feeling so knowledgeable and confident! She has the answers to everything and is available any time of the day making the whole experience so much calmer and stress free knowing the support is there. 


Nechama Bronstein5/3/2023Vicky was truly incredible! From her welcome packet with anything a pregnant mom could want PLUS a super informative guide to the actual birth when she was with me holding my hand (quite literally) through the entire process Vicky gave personalized help giving me the most comfort I could dream of! As a first time mom I had no idea what to expect and Vicky was there helping me along one of the greatest journeys of my life! And after our precious princess was born Vicky came to visit with such a beautiful and thoughtful gift package, showing just how much she pays attention to everyone's personal needs! I REALLY recommend Vicky to anyone looking for a dedicated doula!


CS4/17/2023I had an amazing experience with Vicky. She's so caring and professional.Vicky truly made my birth experience a fully positive one!


Rachel Amster3/26/2023Vicky!!! Thank you so so much! No words can express our gratitude! Yesterday was the most wild day, becoming a mom and then getting to introduce our prince to so many people who love him! I had strength and positive energy! Our baby was born into a calm and happy space chasdei HaShem, just as I have been hoping and dreaming for. We could not have done it without you!! HaShem should bless you and give you the siyaya dishmaya to continue to help so many people!!!u


Liba Rauch3/17/2023From the initial meeting with Vicky I felt confident and comfortable approaching my birth as a first time mother. We discussed my birth preferences, environment and birth team. My choices were respected and supported throughout the pregnancy and birth. During the birth I felt free and supported to listen to my body and instincts throughout the process, allowing me (and my husband) to have an immensely beautiful and spiritual experience. After the birth Vicky stayed for while longer to make sure I am doing well and even visited me and baby a week later just to check in on us. I couldn't have made a better choice by hiring her as my doula. 


Alana Aryeh2/14/2023Vicky was absolutely incredible. If you have the chance to work with her, you have been gifted by the grace of G-d the best doula ever !!! I could not have gotten through my first labor experience without her. She is extremely giving to her clients, comforting, reliable, HIGHLY knowledgeable, and amazing advocate based on your needs & desires as the mother going through this experience. Thankful to Vicky for taking such good care of me. ??


MW2/8/2023There is no words that can describe the kind of work Vicky does! Hands down to the most hands on doula! Would not be able to do without her! She gave me all her love patience and dedication needed! I would take her again and recommend her for everyone! 


Idy Gross2/2/2023I had my first baby last week. As a first time mom I wanted to ensure I have the best experience possible so after much research from friends and references we went ahead with Vicky. She came down to speak to us for over 2 hours at our initial meeting explaining, reassuring , and educating. From when we booked her until the actual birth several minor scares came up and she was always there to answer my calls and texts and helped direct us through all the medical terms and protocols. Regarding the actual birth, I must say I have almost fond memories of my experience:) Vicky bought the aromatherapy to the room along with all the equipment and when I think of my birth I remember only calm and peace and being relaxed. There were no majors issues that cropped up and I was confident the whole time and that was because I felt relaxed and knew I had full support as well as someone in the room who was able to advise and coach. I highly recommend Vicky and I feel every person should hire a doula to ensure they have the most amazing birthing experience. 


R.1/26/2023As a first-time mom, I was very nervous even though my birth was not complicated. Vicky was a great physical & emotional support for us, throughout the whole pregnancy and especially once labor began. Her professionalism really put me at ease. Vicky was familiar with the hospital resources & the staff. She helped with labor exercises and breathing/pushing techniques, gave us space and support to make decisions, and helped me relax. Vicky was truly amazing, I would recommend her to anyone.


Leah Pfeifer1/18/2023Came to a last minute call!! She helped me through the entire labor like a true angel!! Can't recommend her enough!! The best doula!!


FB11/23/2022What an amazing doula Vicky is!!! She was G-d sent. I had a difficult delivery and she was so helpful, caring and understanding. I felt confident that I'm in good hands.She has a lot of knowledge and was able to communicate with the hospital staff in medical terms, and then translate it to me in plain text (and she gave them little thank you gifts!)I highly recommend Vicky Deutsch if your looking for a positive calm birth experience!!


A H11/15/2022Hello I wanted to Share with you all about my Amazing Experience with Our Doula Vicky.I originally came from Canada and had a great experience with my Doula Rochel Gerko so it was very difficult for me to find another one who should be so Dedicated 24 Hours a Day and 7 Days a Week With her all heart and soul  like Rochel Gerko.But then I met Vicky Deutsch which was just here for us everywhere needed Night and Day she's The Most Amazing Doula you'll ever find "Highly Recommended" If you want someone kind and dedicated And Really here for You (Not for your Money) She's Fun and Energetic Always Smiling Making you the most Comfortable possible And finding all different ways of making Birth an Exciting Experience Dedicated to help you and guide you and making you feel comfortable before birth and after birth in One Word #Always_Here_For_You#Thanks #Vicky #Best_Experience***** Five Star Doola ***** 


Shuli breuer11/7/2022Vicky is not only a friend but an awesome labour support.She made my labour so relaxing and helped me through the contractions with her great pressure point masage and relaxing smelling creams to help take over the pain. Her techniques and patience were really amazing.Would totally recommend her to my friends and take her again ????


Ruby Weinberger10/16/2022If you want to have a calm, smooth, and comfortable labor and birth in any setting be it at a hospital or at home then please do yourself a well-deserved favor and book Vicky as your doula. Vicky has a ton of information, endless patience, the best massaging tools and calm professional demeanor. We called Vicki an hour after my labor started and from the moment she arrived my labor was so much smoother and the intense lower back pain almost disappeared when she started massaging and doing her magic. Vicky worked for the entire 12 hours of my labor by my side and helped me get more consistent contractions so that my labor can be faster! I cannot recommend her enough. I love that she was quiet and non-judgmental and knew exactly where to gently massage and when to add positive encouragement keeping the atmosphere, and myself grounded and at ease. She worked really well with my doctors and my husband and I were extremely impressed with her. Thank you very much Vicky!


Leah10/7/2022Choosing Vicky as my doula was the best decision. As a first time mom, I had a lot of worries and questions about labor and delivery. Vicky was there to answer any questions, send useful tips and exercises. She is very knowledgeable and experienced doula and more. She knows lots of relaxation techniques, acupuncture points,  and brings everything that might make birth a magical experience in her doula bag.  Vicky ensured that my birth plan was followed as much as possible, and calmly but firmly reminded the hospital staff about my wishes.She explained every intervention that took place during my labor and was even ready to step in during delivery while my doctor was away from the room. Vicky took her service to an extra level, brought very cute and useful  gifts for me, the nurses and the baby.I would definitely take Vicky to be my doula for my next birth and I would highly recommend her to my friends. 