DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
19 TESTIMONIALS

Amanda Kling

A Beautiful Birth Doula Services

York, PA  Service range 60 miles

978-496-5554

https://www.beautifulbirth.co

Birth Fee

$1000

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

CONTACT AMANDA VIEW AMANDA'S AVAILABILITY

Erin4/22/2023My husband and I are first time parents who ended up having an unmediated labor and we cannot imagine what our birth experience would have been like without Amanda.   We loved Amanda's openness, availability to interview and meet in person, and her impressive personal experience with all different types of labor.  She is realistic and tells you how it is, all while being such an encouraging coach and teammate.  Her words of encouragement, tools/strategy, and practical advice during the most physically painful moments of my life meant everything to me.  (Not to mention she rubbed my back through every contraction for hours of back labor, and was willing to get soaking wet from the hospital showerhead to help relieve some of my pain via water therapy!) My husband and I both cannot thank Amanda enough! Would 1000% recommend! 


Tracy Knight11/11/2022Throughout our pregnancy, Amanda offered support and regularly checked in. She made sure I was setting proper boundaries and taking steps to ensure my mental health was protected. As birth approached, she made sure I had resources and plans in place for pp and we regularly discussed what I have needed/found helpful in previous labors. At 41 weeks, my water broke. Once Amanda arrived she got right to work with hip squeezes, back rubs, calming words and regular reminders to unclench my jaw and relax my shoulders. After verifying that I still wanted a water birth, she helped me upstairs to the tub. She took photos and videos and kept me laughing through some of the more difficult contractions.  After baby arrived, she helped me out of the tub and into the shower, helped me dress and get to bed. She captured images during the newborn exam, including some tender moments with our 3 yo and his new brother. She made sure I was comfortable and that I ate something before leaving. She checked in regularly in the following days as we struggled to nurse in spite of oral ties, offering advice/support. When pp services began, we started each day with a check-in, asking how I was feeling physically and emotionally and reviewing my list of things to accomplish. Once baby nursed, she would place him in the ring sling and set to work while I went upstairs to shower. She did dishes, folded laundry, read stories to my other 4 children, and helped troubleshoot how to make our routine easier. The kids looked forward to her visits and loved sharing their favorite stories and having dance parties together while I showered. She always made sure I had something to eat and drink before she left each day. I cannot speak highly enough of Amanda and the various ways she supported our family through pregnancy and postpartum.


Stephanie Markakis10/18/2022Amanda is an absolute gem of a human. We found her through doulamatch and she was the obvious best choice given the amazing testimonials we read and her willingness to travel an hour to us in Maryland- not to mention she has given birth six times and is an expert herself! I am so glad we decided to hire her. She is extremely knowledgeable and has been a wonderful resource postpartum (as a first time mom, it's nice to be able to ask questions about breastfeeding). She is so dedicated and invested in her clients. During our 20 hour labor experience, she was supportive and encouraging even as our plans changed. I am pretty sure her guidance is the main reason I was able to avoid a c-section. Amanda also took videos and photos immediately following the birth, and I will treasure those for the rest of my life. I highly recommend Amanda to anyone considering hiring a doula! 


Kelly Alls10/6/2022 Having a doula for the birth of my second child was the best decision I have made. It was truly a blessing to have Amanda by my side. Amanda made me feel comfortable and confident every time we spoke. The night I went into labor she helped me  have the labor experience that I was hoping for. Her physical and emotional support was incredible. I will forever be thankful for her. 


Maggie Burrows9/23/2022I wasn't sure if I should hire a doula, until I met Amanda. Her down-to-earth energy was exactly what I needed during my pregnancy and birth process. She visited us at our home to discuss birth preferences, making sure that I wasn't expecting everything to go exactly as I wanted - this turned out to be so important because my birth did NOT go as planned whatsoever! Having Amanda and my husband by my side during birth was priceless, they could take turns supporting me and it was just helpful to have another person there. I was so pleased that she rushed to the hospital to meet us, never left our side, and visited us a few weeks after birth to check on us and the baby. If you are on the fence about hiring a doula, definitely consider Amanda because she has kept me calm throughout the entire experience and that alone was so worth it to me! I still text her occassionally with questions or just to send a picture and never feel like I'm bothering her, she's so genuine. 


Brooke12/8/2021Amanda was fabulous to work with! She was very responsive to any questions throughout my pregnancy and was always quick to provide helpful information. She helped us come up with a birth plan ensuring all bases were covered and helped advocate for said birth plan during labor. Our little one made her arrival three weeks early and Amanda took the early phone call, dropped everything, and spent all day at the hospital until well after delivery. During labor, she was helpful in getting me into different positions, answering any questions I had, providing needed distractions, etc. She also provided a postpartum check in to ensure everything was going well and to review the birthing experience. I believe Amanda's help and expertise helped me to be able to deliver naturally without medication. I would definitely recommend her to anyone looking for a doula or just extra support in general throughout pregnancy and in the delivery room! Thanks, Amanda! 


Jessica Tartanian9/22/2020Amanda's care 100% lived up to the name of her company- a beautiful birth.  IWith Amanda's support, we had our second child in the truly beautiful homebirth. She's down to earth, warm, really knows her craft, and yet made it clear she was always going to see to it that we birthed the way we wanted and needed. I knew I would need reassurance, directions, and lots of physical support in my birthing time. And my spouse knew he would want direction and coaching. Amanda helped us plan comfort measures and coordinated with our midwife team so we all felt peaceful and ready for birth. Amanda checked in regularly with encouragement and gave me advice on how to safely help the baby get ready to be born.  She was extra cautious around Covid 19 exposure and we did video meetings until the birthday. A big shout out to her for wearing her mask the whole labor time even though terrible allergies!  Amanda was patient and reassuring as my long early labor waxed and waned, helping me let go of feeling "late" so I could rest and patiently wait for baby to be ready. She gave me the permission I needed to stop timing my waves when it was making me anxious. She knew where I was with the stages of labor by how I looked and sounded. She helped me do the Myles circuit to get baby engaged in the pelvis and bring on the waves. Amanda provided everything we needed- hours of hip squeezes, massages, direction to move to new positions, reminders to release my jaw and shoulders, a great sense of humor, and encouragement to feel comfortable, safe, and calm. I was glad to have her expertise on essential oils that relieved my pain and nausea. She even took photos of the birth. Amanda obviously delights in birth and is super knowledgeable--I loved that she explained what was happening in my body. Since birth, she's helped us celebrate, reflect, and given practical advice around healing and lactation. Amanda's services were the best investment we made for a beautiful birth. 


Kristen B2/2/2020Amanda is a wonderful doula.  She is extremely easy to talk to, kind, compassionate and very knowledgable about all things pertaining to pregnancy, labor, delivery and postpartum recovery.  After one phone conversation, I knew she was the right choice for us.  She thoroughly explained all of our options which included some that I did not realize existed.  She also generated a visual birth plan that reflected our preferences that was very simple for the doctors and nurses to understand.  I was very grateful she covered what would happen in the event I would need a c section, something I hadn't thought to do.  She was instrumental in helping us decide when to actually go to the hospital.  If it wasn't for her, we would have went too early.  I will be forever grateful for her roller ball.  It was the only way I made it through unmedicated as I had all back labor.  When labor wasn't progressing as it should after trying so many different positions, she sought other doulas and recommended alternate methods that we had not tried.  And while I ultimately ended up with an unplanned c section, I am grateful for Amanda's coaching, spirit, and willingness to try anything and everything to avoid the surgery.  Having her in the operating room allowed my husband to tend to the baby and Amanda to stay with me for support while the doctor was finishing the surgery.  She held my hand and helped me get through it.  I can't say enough good things about Amanda.  Any lady would be blessed to have her as a doula.  


Aleksandra9/18/2019I cant say enough good things about Amanda. She is amazing and very easy to talk to. I was absolutely terrified of labor throughout my entire pregnancy. Amanda made sure I am aware of everything that is going on during labor. Her knowledge of  labor and breastfeeding was extremely helpful and I learned a lot from her. She helped me to latch my baby right after birth. As a first time mom you dont know what to expect but Amanda was always available to answer my questions before, during and after birth. Thank you Amanda!


B&K S.7/12/2019We started our pregnancy wondering whether we needed or wanted a doula at all.  After our first meeting with Amanda, we absolutely knew that we needed her as our doula.  Amanda was well prepared for our first meeting and was able to walk us through everything that she was able to provide to use before, during, and after labor and delivery.  Prior to our due date, Amanda helped us develop a thorough birth plan and asked us questions and walked us through scenarios or options that we hadn't even thought about.Needless to say, our labor and delivery did not go anywhere near as we expected, with everything happening about a month ahead of our due date.  We kept Amanda in the loop of everything going on, and when we called at 1230 am, Amanda was there with us within a half hour of us calling.  I (the husband) was so relieved to have Amanda there because she knows her stuff.  She knew what my wife (and I) needed more than we ourselves knew what we needed.  Our labor and delivery went very quick, but we both feel that it went much better with Amanda than it would or could have gone without having Amanda there with us.  In the moment, Amanda also was able to ensure that the doctors adequately delayed the cord clamping per our previously discussed birth plan, something that was so far beyond what either my wife or I were thinking about at that time.We both highly recommend Amanda and we don't anticipate going through any potential future pregnancies without working with Amanda throughout the process.


Bethany Corley9/13/2018My birth with Amanda was amazing!  This was my 2nd vbac, and I was determined to have this baby without an epidural.  Amanda suggested great books to read, so that I'd be mentally prepared for this birth.  She was the ultimate supporter and cheerleader during this birth, and helped to keep my brain focused and my body relaxed.  She knew my birth rights in the hospital, as well as my wishes for this birth, and she spoke up for me when I physically wasn't able to say what I needed.  We laughed in between contractions.  We cried when baby was born.  She took pictures and never left my side.  I'll never deliver another baby without a doula.  She helped me to feel empowered and to believe in the strength of my own body and mind.


Diana Dersch9/11/2018Working with Amanda was a great experience. I wanted to have a doula for the additional support and in case my family couldn't be there for my labor, and it was truly a great decision - fortunately they ended up being there with me, too, but I do not regret having Amanda as my third birth team member. As a first-time mom, I loved having her there for additional knowledge and support. She was able to walk me through a lot of different positions and techniques for laboring and provided helpful input regarding my healthcare options for the birth of my daughter. Her counter pressure on my hips provided noticeable relief during contractions, which was something none of the staff nor my family would have been able to provide for me. It was also invaluable to have her to help support my husband and mother-in-law (they are both in healthcare) and they both appreciated her presence and insight. She is very knowledgeable about the variety of options available to a mother as she labors and delivers and seeks to understand your wishes for labor and delivery. She worked well with the hospital staff and was an advocate of me in the delivery room while also being flexible to support me when plans/my desires changed. Her explanations of what was going on and what options were available to me went beyond what the nurses and doctors were able to provide as she came from a different "angle". She is 100% supportive of the mother's wishes for her birth, whether that includes drugs or not. I appreciated her ability to be a friend but also be an experienced birth support doula, and we had fun together - she jived very well with me and everyone in the room. If I have any more babies while I'm in York I will certainly hire her again!


Yumi Nicholle5/24/2018My husband and I decided early on in my pregnancy that we would like to hire a doula.  Amanda was the first person we interviewed and immediately after, we cancelled all of our other interviews. She has an incredible ability to make you feel at ease and trust her expertise. During my pregnancy, she visited with us and always answered my pregnancy questions in a timely manner to ease any of my worries.  Together we came up with a birth plan but unfortunately my body had other plans. As soon as I was ordered to go to the hospital, Amanda and I kept in constant communication and she was very reassuring during those stressful times. After three days, I was finally ready to give birth and Amanda came as soon as I had asked. Even though medically I could not stick to my birth plan we had originally decided on, Amanda remained very flexible and made sure as many of my wishes were carried out. I can’t say enough great things about her during this time. She was incredibly supportive to both my husband and I, gave us great advice based on her extensive knowledge and kept me focused on my wishes in a time when all reason goes out the window. We ended up having to have a cesarean, and I can’t imagine going through that without Amanda at my side and as a support for my husband . At a time when you are so vulnerable, and my husband with the baby, Amanda was my only support and a great one at that. As I said, I cannot day enough great things about Amanda. She gives you the ability to enjoy what can be a very anxious and scary experience and gives you the tools to be in charge of your pregnancy and birth. She will be the first person I call if I were to ever get pregnant again and I absolutely recommend her to anyone who is expecting.


Alecia Tallent1/6/2018I so appreciated Amanda's help and advice. This was my first pregnancy and I was very anxious about it. She worked to help calm my anxiety and checked up on me regularly before our daughter was born. I had a very fast and unexpected labor experience. I had wanted to get pain medication, but my labor progressed too quickly and I was forced to give birth naturally. Amanda was a big help in getting me through that difficult experience, helping to keep me comfortable and encouraged. I would definitely recommend her to anyone seeking doula services!


Jessica Bottomley7/23/2017February 12 came faster than I could blink and my husband and I were ecstatic to bring our amazing ray of sunshine into the world. In the hospital Amanda made us feel very relaxed during the labor. She was constantly by my side helping me with my breathing and she talked to me calmly to help me feel more at ease. One would think having someone talking to you in hushed voices would not help, but, it did just the opposite. My mind was at ease with Amanda by my side. When I was walking the halls she was right beside me walking, talking, and helping me with my IV pole. The contractions were not fun. I was in loads of pain and Amanda was right there helping me. She was doing hip squeezes, talking me through my pain, and comforting me like the amazing woman she is. She is the true definition of a doula in my eyes.Encouragement, perseverance, and love are just some of the things that I think any doula needs. It is such a comforting feeling knowing that your doula is not just your doula, but your cheerleader. Amanda made my labor 100% better and if she wasn’t there i know things would have gone so much differently. I relied on her like a child relies on their parents. She was there to push me and to remind me time and time again that I could do this, that I would do this. She pushed me to be strong and to keep fighting so that I could have the gold at the end of the rainbow. So that I could hold my baby girl in my arms and fall even more in love with her than I already was. In the end i could see and feel that Amanda truly cared about what me, my family, my well being, and so much more. I knew that she would be there to help and support my husband and I no matter what happened. Amanda is more than just a doula, she is an amazing human being and I would never have made it the whole way without her in our lives.


Julie Myers5/19/2017Amanda was our Doula with our second child. It was a pleasure working with her. Amanda was easy to get in contact with and always responded quickly to any questions I had. She worked well with my husband & I developing my birth plan. I was induced and she was there to provide various ideas to help with process. Although it was my second child, I still felt like I didn't know what I was doing. Amanda was there to guide me and was a great support. My plan was to not have an epidural and to delay cord clamping. Well, things didn't go according to plan but Amanda was able to quickly switch gears and was supporting me 100% during the process. I ended up requesting an epidural due to pain from SPD. We were unable to delay cord clamping because the umbilical cord was around my son's neck and it needed to be cut to get him out. Amanda was able to provide emotional support to me because that was something I was set on doing. Amanda's follow up post birth was greatly appreciated as well.No matter if this is your first birth or fifth birth, I would highly recommend having Amanda as your doula. Every birth experience is different. When you're in the moment and feeling so overwhelmed it is wonderful to have someone calm & experienced to guide you through your labor & birth.


Lyndsay O'Neill12/8/2016Being a doula myself, it was a challenge choosing the right doula for me. Luckily for me, I had taken a  doula training with Amanda during my pregnancy and I remembered how soothing her presence was. I asked her to be my doula and she provided prenatal visits during my pregnancy.During these visits she reinforced my knowledge of childbirth, offered emotional support for myself and my husband, and helped us try comfort measures. She also assisted in creating our birth plan and breastfeeding education.She arrived at the hospital with me and stayed throughout labor and delivery. I was a tough client! I yelled at her and my husband, I threw up, I cried, I told them they weren't helping me. Amanda wouldn't give up on me, and stayed encouraging and positive. She was everything I needed in a doula and more. She helped to support and reassure my husband when things got hard, and helped us begin bonding as a new family after delivery.When i struggled with postpartum depression, Amanda offered her support and even had another doula come over and spend some time with me at home. She truly cares about you and your family.When you choose to hire Amanda, know that you are getting a truly wonderful doula.


Shawnee Martin7/22/2016When I was 39 weeks 2 days pregnant I had my belly casted by a woman I had never met before, Rachel. She was a doula also and she was phenomenal. We talked about her kids, my pregnancy, our career desires and motherhood in general. Once we got into the subject of doulas I became more knowledgeable on what exactly it was all about. I had expressed to her that I wish I had looked into it more and gotten a doula. I had felt that it was entirely too late now considering the fact that my due date was any day. Rachel told me she would look around and see if she could find someone for me and let me know. Two hours later I had gotten a call from her saying her friend Amanda would be willing to do it.  I was ecstatic. I got a call a little later from Amanda and we talked for awhile.  She asked about my wishes for labor and had many good view points about every topic.  She seemed just as thrilled as me and she was extremely opened minded about it all too. I think that's why we got along so well. I couldn't wait to meet her! Well my wish came true, later that night at 8:30 my water broke and headed for the hospital.  I had a 17 hour labor. She stayed by my side the whole time. I did not have a good experience with the hospital whatsoever. Amanda had to push for me to be allowed to just switch pushing positions and I'm so glad she did. I had expressed my discomfort with pushing while on my back and she had asked the nurse if I could turn around and get on my hands and knees. The nurse almost seemed reluctant to allow it but eventually did because of Amanda being strong headed about it. Being in the position I was in I would have never been able to do that for myself I was entirely too exhausted and in too much pain to even talk. Out of everyone that was in the room with me, hospital staff, family, baby's father's family Amanda was without any doubt the most helpful and encouraging one there. I felt like her and I were one. Highly highly recommend her!


Shawnee Martin7/16/2016When I was 39 weeks 2 days pregnant I had my belly casted by a woman I had never met before, Rachel. She was a doula also and she was phenomenal. We talked about her kids, my pregnancy, our career desires and motherhood in general. Once we got into the subject of doulas I became more knowledgeable on what exactly it was all about. I had expressed to her that I wish I had looked into it more and gotten a doula. I had felt that it was entirely too late now considering the fact that my due date was any day. Rachel told me she would look around and see if she could find someone for me and let me know. Two hours later I had gotten a call from her saying her friend Amanda would be willing to do it.  I was ecstatic. I got a call a little later from Amanda and we talked for awhile.  She asked about my wishes for labor and had many good view points about every topic.  She seemed just as thrilled as me and she was extremely opened minded about it all too. I think that's why we got along so well. I couldn't wait to meet her! Well my wish came true, later that night at 8:30 my water broke and headed for the hospital.  I had a 17 hour labor. She stayed by my side the whole time. I did not have a good experience with the hospital whatsoever. Amanda had to push for me to be allowed to just switch pushing positions and I'm so glad she did. I had expressed my discomfort with pushing while on my back and she had asked the nurse if I could turn around and get on my hands and knees. The nurse almost seemed reluctant to allow it but eventually did because of Amanda being strong headed about it. Being in the position I was in I would have never been able to do that for myself I was entirely too exhausted and in too much pain to even talk. Out of everyone that was in the room with me, hospital staff, family, baby's father's family Amanda was without any doubt the most helpful and encouraging one there. I felt like her and I were one. Highly highly recommend her!