DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
85 TESTIMONIALS

Audrea Blayer, CD(DONA)

Born For This Doula Services

Millersburg, PA  Service range 60 miles  **Virtual Support available at a reduced rate.

(717) 649-2866

Birth Fee

$1050 to $1125

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $45

Availability Remarks: *Private Childbirth Education classes (a la carte) and Complimentary Bereavement Care (details below) are available. *Vbac experience: Six personally and multiple professionally!

CONTACT AUDREA VIEW AUDREA'S AVAILABILITY

Bev2/8/2023Audrea was an amazing doula.  With her support, my husband and I enjoyed calmness in pregnancy, birth, and postpartum.  We were referred to Audrea by the midwife at my OBGYN office shortly before 30 weeks of pregnancy.  Audrea met with us via zoom and took time to get to know my husband and me as a couple as well as our wishes for pregnancy, birth, feeding, etc.  She asked thorough questions to ensure she understood without presumptions.  She listened and answered our questions and referred us to outside resources that were helpful.  During pregnancy, we met with Audrea as needed.  She checked in via text to see how I was feeling and to answer questions as they arose, especially as our due date came and went.  During birth, Audrea’s support was perfect.  She felt in sync with me and my husband’s needs.  She knew when and how to offer support or options without ever feeling like an interference.  We are so thankful for her presence during such a special time in our family’s life.  Because of the calmness Audrea helped us achieve in pregnancy and birth, we feel as though we were able to enjoy our daughter’s newborn days to their fullest.  We highly recommend connecting with Audrea!


Becca11/17/2022We had my daughter June 2021 and I knew pretty quickly into my pregnancy that we wanted a doula for our home birth. Audrea was the first one I connected with and I knew I didn't need to search any further once we talked! She listened so attentively to my heart, my desires for our birth and any unique or particular things to us. we connected multiple times prior to our daughter's birth, so when the time came for Audrea to come when I was in labor, she felt like a dear friend. Audrea was incredible. She was so present, attentive, and helpful. She was both verbally encouraging and helped me whenever I needed pressure applied to my back or needed to try a different position.  I ended up pushing for over an hour, and I don't remember much but I DO remember how encouraging Audrea was the whole time & how I really felt like she believed I could do it. I truly cannot recommend Audrea enough! With her help, I had the birth of my dreams and I'll forever be so thankful!!  


Amy11/6/2022When we got pregnant with our first child, we had many questions about what pregnancy and the birthing experience would be like. We remembered hearing great things about Audrea from a few family members who had worked with her in the recent past. After reading some additional online reviews, we decided to reach out to her and we couldn't be happier that we did.From the start, Audrea's energy and positive attitude were really encouraging. Audrea was very knowledgeable and shared many helpful resources. We took several birthing classes at a local hospital and we ended up learning much more from our Zoom sessions with Audrea. She recommended books that she thought would be beneficial specifically for us and they definitely were. She also checked in on us throughout the pregnancy to see how things were going.Our daughter ended up going about two weeks past her due date and while we tried to avoid induction, we were told I had to be induced. Once induced, labor moved so quickly that Audrea was only able to be there for a couple of hours before our daughter was born through emergency c-section. She was so helpful and reassuring during those couple of hours and then stayed with us for several hours after the birth. We couldn't be more grateful to Audrea for helping to make our experience the best that it could have been.


Holly H.10/21/2022I am incredibly glad my husband and I had Audrea's support for the birth of our first child. Through meeting with her via Zoom beforehand, we definitely benefited from her wisdom and experience. She's incredibly knowledgeable, asked wonderful questions to get us thinking about our hopes and preferences, and was truly supportive of helping us to prepare for the birth experience we wanted. Audrea met us at the hospital and even before we were checked in, she was offering support and encouragement. She was a calm and confident presence who not only provided physical support but she also helped us talk through our options when things were progressing slowly. Without her there, I think I would have felt fear or panic, but her presence really surrounded us with so much peace. And she took photos throughout, which I absolutely treasure!In addition to supporting me directly, she also helped to coach and support my husband. She showed him how to do counter pressure and other ways he could help, and also made sure he was able to eat and get some rest during my 36ish hour labor. When I look back on my son's birth, I remember it as an empowering, incredible experience, and so so much of that is due to Audrea's presence and support. We are so grateful and cannot recommend her highly enough!


Holly H.10/21/2022I am incredibly glad my husband and I had Audrea's support for the birth of our first child. Through meeting with her via Zoom beforehand, we definitely benefited from her wisdom and experience. She's incredibly knowledgeable, asked wonderful questions to get us thinking about our hopes and preferences, and was truly supportive of helping us to prepare for the birth experience we wanted. Audrea met us at the hospital and even before we were checked in, she was offering support and encouragement. She was a calm and confident presence who not only provided physical support but she also helped us talk through our options when things were progressing slowly. Without her there, I think I would have felt fear or panic, but her presence really surrounded us with so much peace. And she took photos throughout, which I absolutely treasure!In addition to supporting me directly, she also helped to coach and support my husband. She showed him how to do counter pressure and other ways he could help, and also made sure he was able to eat and get some rest during my 36ish hour labor. When I look back on my son's birth, I remember it as an empowering, incredible experience, and so so much of that is due to Audrea's presence and support. We are so grateful and cannot recommend her highly enough!   


Bethany10/20/2022When I first reached out to Audrea, it quickly became clear that she would be a great fit!  Not only was I initially impressed with her promptness in responding to me, but she set up an initial zoom meeting for my husband and I to get to know more about herself, her practice, and role in partnering with women during pregnancy, labor, and post-partum.  During this meeting she answered our numerous questions extensively, while also taking the time to get to know us and our desires for labor.Over the following months, we had multiple birth education sessions with Audrea to better understand and be prepared for labor and delivery, she helped us in creating and developing a birth plan, and encouraged us how to be advocates for ourselves during OB visits and when we would be in the hospital.  She made herself available via text and phone calls to see how I was doing physically, emotionally, and mentally; and always offered space for reassurance, validation, and encouragement.As labor began, Audrea was a wonderful support to my husband, who was in communication with her during our time of laboring at home and giving practical tools to decrease discomfort and ease the labor process.  Once at the hospital, Audrea arrived shortly after us and maintained a supportive presence, all the while being calm and continuing to create a relaxing environment throughout labor.  She offered advice for labor positions, breathing techniques, and supporting my husband so that he could best support me.  Audrea's support helped us maintain a level of calmness and peacefulness as we welcomed our son.She continued to check-in with us regularly once discharged and did a postpartum meeting to talk about the birth and allow time to help us feel equipped for the fourth trimester.  Audrea was an invaluable asset to us being able to have a peaceful experience! She is a wonderful doula to partner with!


Stephanie G10/16/2022Audrea was recommended to us by our OB practice and it was very clear why.  She was a great fit from the start, asking values-based questions regarding pregnancy, labor and birth, and creating space to honor and walk through any fears or old wounds.  She is someone you can be honest and vulnerable with immediately.  Though the birth was induced, she helped me do my best to meet my goals of a drug free birth, but when it could not be done, supported my husband and I in the epidural.  She also took a ton of priceless photos for us.  After the birth I was beyond emotional but she repeatedly checked on me in the days following and was a source of comfort and reassurance.  Thank you, Audrea! 


Srividhya10/12/2022Audrea was phenomenal in assisting me during labor. She communicated in every step when my labor started..She guided me through out active labor and i had the birth i always envisioned. I was able to manage my pain very well with her help..We are so glad that we chose her as our doula.


Kaycee Kofalt10/11/2022My husband and I are Registered Nurses, so many believe our nursing education would somehow prepare us for pregnancy and childbirth. That is false. We benefited greatly from Audrea's education. She is versatile and supportive of YOUR birth plan. She met with us several times to do classes, and it served us well on our day of delivery. I personally wanted a doula, yet my husband never heard of the concept. He was agreeable but did not really believe in the value a doula can bring to the childbirth experience. As we reflect on our medication free, vaginal delivery in the local hospital, we suspect HE may have needed Audrea more than I did! She empowered him to really help me with pain management. The method that worked best for me was "counter pressure", but Audrea has many more methods to employ. Jarek was able to help me through every contraction, easing the sense of helplessness that plagues many partners. Nine hours into my labor, there was a sudden concern for my baby. Jarek, being a nurse, didn't understand exactly what was happening but knew that the rush of medical personnel in the room meant mom or baby were in distress. He looked to Audrea in that moment, knowing the team needed to care for us rather than educate him. She put him at ease and within several minutes, peace and order were restored. Three hours later, after my baby was born, I began to hemorrhage. I was in the most capable medical hands, but again, it was Audrea who was there for Jarek.  Baby #2 is on the way and we are eager to work with her again. My very medical, left brain husband is now the first to recommend having a doula to others! 


Jessica Leckie10/11/2022We had an amazing experience with Audrea. We had some complications off & on with pregnancy & it was so nice to get to talk with Audrea & have her support. My husband works a lot & our family doesn't live nearby & we also had a toddler to care for so I knew that having some extra support was going to be worth it. I was being induced this time & nervous because I had never experienced that before. Audrea made me feel much more comfortable. She was writing down every time a physician came in the room or anytime I got medications to keep track of because I kept forgetting when they had given me meds or when they would come back to check on me. Unfortunately my induction turned into a C-section because my baby kept wanting to turn breech. I thought that I was going to be more upset about having to have a C-section but Audrea was so positive about the situation that I didn't even think twice about having it done and she stayed there to support me throughout the C-section. We even had her help out with some post partum care once my husband went back to work and until I was able to get in a rhythm of taking care of two children on my own! She helped take care of the baby and wash bottles and prep dinner and it was so comforting to have that extra support. If I ever decide to have a third child I hope Audrea is available for us again!


Sara10/11/2022My husband and I were happy to have Audrea attend the birth of our second child in March 2021. The doula who attended the birth of our first baby was on maternity leave, but we wanted to find another doula for the birth of our second because of how positive that experience was. Audrea thoroughly debriefed my first labor and delivery so that she knew my background and experience. We went over what (if anything) I wanted to do differently. She read and helped me with precise language on my birth plan. My first labor was not complicated or long, but the debrief still helped to plan what we could for the birth of my second. When I was in my last month of pregnancy I started to get anxious about leaving my firstborn. (He'd never been away from both my husband and myself for very long.) Audrea talked to me on the phone and that helped me to come up with solutions and also to name the things that were challenging. I was worried that I would go into labor before my son had his second birthday. I didn't go into labor early, my son got his special day, and I was mentally read to give birth by the time I went into labor. Having an extra person who was more objective to talk to helped me immensely. My second birth was also mostly straightforward. Audrea met us at the hospital and helped to make me comfortable and to distract me from the contractions. Pushing went really fast this time around and it was nice to talk to Audrea several weeks after the fact to try to remember the timeline and talk about how the birth went.I can highly recommend her!


Rachel10/10/2022My experience with Audrea was a GREAT one! I could not recommend her more. She was there for us every step of the way prior and during our birthing experience. I felt so prepared because of her classes and coaching. During the birth she was SO helpful to my husband and I, coaching him on how to assist really meant a lot to both of us and made us feel so connected during the birth of our baby. It also made him feel good to feel like he was truly able to help me through the pains of birthing. I wanted to have a medicine free birth and because of Audrea's support and assistance throughout the whole process, it was possible!  Audrea is a good woman, trustworthy, and awesome! Thank you for all you did for us and our family! We appreciate you so much. God bless! 


Jasmin G.10/10/2022Audrea is super caring and knowledgeable. She was always available when I needed to chat or had a question. The day of my birth she was very attentive. She provided so much comfort and support. I would highly recommend her services. 


Molly Reilly10/9/2022Its hard to put into words just how wonderful Audrea was to us. We hired her at the very end of my pregnancy because of some issues with my midwife. I believe I was 40 or 41 weeks pregnant. She was not only willing to take me on, but incredibly comforting, inviting and kind. Having her present at the birth changed the atmosphere and made me comfortable, even though I had never met her in person. My labor involved 16 hours of back labor, and Audrea was there with hands on my back for every single contraction all night long. She offered different labor positions, cold wash cloths, food, water and anything else I may have needed, but allowed me to make every decision myself. She also took photos and videos of the birth which are so amazing to look back on. I couldn't have asked for anything more.


Kelly9/14/2021Audrea helped welcome my second baby into this world and it was the most incredible experience. A little back story...I had a doula with my first baby but unfortunately she was not available for the delivery of my second baby. Audrea came highly recommended by my first doula. I was a little hesitant because I didn't want to go through the process of interviewing and hiring all over again. I even thought (and so did my husband) that we could possibly do this on our own. We remembered some techniques from my first birth but I still had doubts and really wanted a doula. Let me tell you.....SHE WAS WORTH IT! Every birth is different, even your own. My two were no exception. I chose to have another unmedicated birth and I honestly could not have done it without Audrea. She worked with my husband non-stop, providing guidance for him as well as support for me for several intense hours as my contractions were one after the other with very little breaks in between (30-60 seconds max). Doulas are not just for the mother! They are for the partners too! She was able to help my husband and I have one of the most profound experiences of our relationship and lives. She was such a pleasure to work with from the time I first reached out, to even postpartum.


Megan9/14/2021Audrea was highly recommended by several midwives at my OB's office. From our very first Zoom call, I felt an instant connection. I was so nervous that labor and delivery was going to be a traumatic experience, but she talked me through all my fears and apprehensions so I was prepared for anything that could happen.Audrea gave me the confidence that I was stronger than I thought I was, and everything all worked out beautifully in the end. That moment when they lifted up my daughter and put her on my chest was the most incredible thing in the world. Thanks to Audrea, I had a wonderful birth experience. She is extremely knowledgeable, warm, level-headed, and encouraging. She brings such a peaceful energy and I couldn't ask for more.


Kristin Aker8/31/2021Audrea was my doula for my second daughter who was born at home in April. The first time I spoke to Audrea on the phone, I knew she’s was the doula for me. She had a calm, confident, motherly aura. It was like she believed in me before I even believed in myself. My prenatal appointment covered every base possible and she helped me work through fears around unmedicated childbirth, as well as come up with a plan to attack other fears. She provided lots of great resources and people I could reach out to as well! And she was such a positive and peaceful presence at my birth. She reassured me and believed in me, helped me stay centered and focused. She really was everything I needed in a birth companion. Her support was truly invaluable to me. And we have stayed in touch! Of course she checked on me for my postpartum period, and now that I’m a doula myself I am able to reach out to her and discuss all things birth. God really knew what He was doing when He brought her into my life.


Rebecca Tarlau4/16/2021We hired Audrea for 6 post-partum doula sessions and she was literally a lifesaver for us! We were brand new parents and had no idea about how many naps, feedings, etc., we should be aiming for each day, or how to do basic things like give our baby sponges bath or use my pumping equipment. Audrea helped us even before she arrived at our house, answering our questions via text and offering us some ideas about ways we could organize our daily routines with our new baby. She always offered us concrete suggestions with the caveat that there is never a right answer to how to be a parent. She talked to me and offered support while I breastfed and also took on full childcare responsibilities when I needed to work or nap. When the baby was napping, Audrea constantly looked for chores she could do in the house and even cooked us a delicious meal one day. We enthusiastically recommend Audrea for any parents that are looking for some postpartum doula support.


Jayme Adams2/20/20215 stars isn't enough for Audrea. She is a fairy god mother on earth for mamas and their babes. I had interviewed Audrea and a few other doula's via zoom and something about Audrea just really stuck out to me from the beginning. I'm a firm believer in trusting my gut and my gut told me I could trust her and that she was the right fit to help me with my goal of a natural birth. In addition to hiring her to attend our birth we also hired her for virtual birth classes. My husband and I zoomed with her 3 times prior to the arrival of our son, Marco. She was thorough, gave plenty of time for questions, and helped us understand what we might expect during this process. She consistently communicated with us via phone, text, or email from the time we hired her until well after our sons birth.When Audrea arrived at my home the night I went into labor, it was like an angel appeared. She swept in and applied counter pressure to my hips. Spoke in a soothing voice. And continued to offer countless options for pain management over the next 24 hours that would be my home labor. I can say confidently that thanks to her wisdom and presence this process was quite enjoyable and fun, albeit hard work. Unfortunately, we did wind up transferring care to the hospital. Audrea rode with us and supported me all the way up to the hospital doors where she wasn't allowed to pass, again due to covid restrictions. Following Marco's birth, Audrea became like a fairy god mother to me. She offered the best guidance and support I could ever ask for. She went well above and beyond what we hired her and paid her to do. She truly cares about her work and the families she cares for. I would hire Audrea again in a heartbeat and plan to do so if and when we are blessed with a second child. 


Madi1/20/2021I cannot thank Audrea enough for the guidance she gave me throughout my pregnancy. She was always there to answer any questions and give an abundance of information. As a first time, young mom, she made me feel so comfortable and at ease when it came time to deliver. I couldn't have asked for someone better to adequately prepare me for birth. She took amazing pictures, held my hand, helped me make informed decisions, and she still reaches out 3 months PP to ask how things are. All in all, she is such an amazing doula. There is no one else I would've rather had! 


Jessica Palmer12/18/2020Audrea was the guiding light of knowledge and reassurance of safety throughout the latter part of my pregnancy & during labor and delivery. She walked through every part of my previous birth experience and helped me to envision my ideal birth of my daughter. Audrea helped me to make priority of myself to be comfortable and prepared for labor. Recommending a fabulous chiropractor and tools to keep me aligned and ready. The day of my labor & delivery she was there with me every steop of the way. Keeping me focused and reminding me that my body was meant for this. She applied counter pressures and rolled her sleeves up getting right in and assisting my husband with techniques to make me more comfortable. She truly is an angel to work with ? 


Allie12/18/2020I cannot begin to tell you how glad I am my husband and I decided to use Audrea for her doula services during the birth of our first daughter. The gratitude that we feel towards her cannot be measured and I feel so blessed to be able to share my beyond positive birth experience. First of all, Audrea was able to completely tailor her services to meet the ever-changing climate of 2020. Our birth education was all done virtually and Audrea had multiple support avenues and ideas for us in the event that her birth support would have been virtual for us. She even went so far as to show my husband some of her techniques for pain relief should he have to perform them himself. However, when the time came, she was able (and willing) to provide in-person support for us. I did choose to have a drug-free birth and things happened very quickly. Audrea met us within plenty of time to help facilitate some massively helpful pain-relieving positions and pressure that she and my husband tirelessly performed on me during the later part of my labor. I was able to have the intervention-free experience I was so wanting because of Audrea. After the birth, she stayed with us making sure my husband and I were both taken care of. She made sure we had something to eat, that I was able to stand, and when we were transferred to our recovery room, I felt like we were saying goodbye to our own fairy godmother. Silly but true! Afterward, she helped me troubleshoot during those confusing few weeks of having a newborn. To say we were happy with her services is a massive understatement. If we are able to/choose to have more children, we will be contacting her right away! Thank YOU, Audrea!


Reed ONeal11/11/2020Audrea was great to work with before, during and after the birth.  She did a great job of asking questions to understand our approach to the birthing process prior to labor.  She was a rockstar when it came to labor and was very well prepared.  She did an awesome job of making the environment comfortable for mom and dad.  She is not afraid to jump in and take the lead or take more of an advisory roll.  She did not push her personal opinion but rather gave suggestions and supported our decisions while helping dvocating for us.  We gave birth in the middle of the COVID19 pandemic and Audrea was very respectful of our personal space and our outlook.  Our overall experience with Audrea was absolutely fantastic and we would highly recommend her as Doula.


Anastasia P11/8/2020I can’t recommend highly enough Audrea Blayers’ doula services. For her being a doula  is a calling, not just a career. She is very professional, knowledgeable, compassionate, and accommodating. The medical staff at the hospital knows and respects her which tells of the great reputation she earned among health professionals in the field over the years. Audrea went above and beyond for me and my baby. I’m very glad she was supporring me during the exciting time of my son’s arrival! If you choose her to be your doula you will not be dissapointed. 


Alexa Moody11/6/2020From the moment I met AudreaI just felt this "motherly" aura about her, it was calming and reassuring, yet also "mother bear" - someone who would fight for me. This was exactly the person I was looking for, someone who could calm my fears, reassure me throughout pregnancy, help me craft a realistic vision of labor and delivery, and if needed to fight and advocate for me and my husband.Over the next 20-ish weeks of pregnancy Audrea was super available via text or phonecall or webcam to check in and see progress as well as help allievate symptoms. At one point in the third trimester I was dealing with incredible hip pain, and Audrea referred me to a pregnancy chiro that totally eliminated the pain - just an example of the amazing resources she has at the ready.When my water broke, we were in constant communication throughout the day to decide on a plan. When we finally made the trek to the hospital, Audrea met us there and immediately sprung into action, helping us to decide the right course of action. It was SO wonderful having another professional to communicate with. While in labor its hard to make decisions, so when the nurses would reccomend something it was just so reassuring to be able to run it by Audrea for her expertise. Throughout labor as nurses came in to help me switch positions or check my progress, I was so "out" of it that I could barely move on my own, and Audrea was there to help the nurses get me where I needed to be.I was incredibly lucky to have had a textbook pregnancy and l&d, no issues for me or babe. Even still, the emotional and mental support of having an experienced support person was well worth the cost.I hated pregnancy, and I did not enjoy l&d, but Audrea made it much more bearable, and I love my son so much. If i ever do this crazy journey again, Audrea will be my first phonecall!  


Chelsea Enerson10/26/2020Andrea truly did an amazing job for our family. I appreciated her making herself available for me during my pregnancy for those random questions that come up all the way up to the end. She was available and supportive when I had hospital trips and finally an induction. She responded very quickly when it was most important! During labor and birth she was able to support me through it all and made sure she tried several things when I needed the pain relief. I never felt scared or anxious and I attribute this to her presence. I was afraid of an induction but with Andrea on my team it was amazing and positive and I have a very positive birth story to go along with it! Recommend 100%! 


Manal9/20/2020Audrea was incredible as a doula. I am so thankful we found her when we did. We waited until the last minute to consider a doula, but we were so glad we did. She was so knowledgeable, kind, helpful, and supportive. She was there with us and helped us through everything. She prayed with us many times when we asked her to. She stayed alert through 3 days at the hospital during my induction. She knew what questions to ask and was always one step ahead. If I had to do it all again, I would definitely choose her!


Megan & Andy8/26/2020Audrea was INVALUABLE! And that is saying a lot considering COVID hit about a month before my due date, changing our plans and preventing Audrea from being at the hospital for delivery. When plans had to change due to COVID, Audrea didn’t skip a beat and went above and beyond to support us in any way possible.  She spent hours on Zoom with us to prepare us for labor without her physically there, gave us all her “doula delivery tools”, and was available to my husband the entire labor offering suggestions and advice from afar. We are already looking forward to baby #2 to have Audrea the whole process through!Audrea is very positive and encouraging, and easy to be around / talk with. She educated us about all things labor and birth and was always available to answer questions throughout the final months of my pregnancy. Audrea was such an amazing resource to me when faced with the decision to induce due to post-date pregnancy. She spent over an hour on the phone with me listening to my concerns, talking pros and cons, and praying over me. Truly amazing. Once the decision was made, she then educated me fully on what to expect with an induction.She was so supportive after birth as well, checking in often and providing guidance and tips on life with a newborn. We loved having Audrea as our doula, and can’t wait to use her again! You definitely want Audrea on your team!!!!


Miranda Sandler8/22/2020My husband and I had the pleasure of working with Audrea for our second child and wished I would have had her for my first as well! She gave me so much good information on how to make the labor process a smooth journey with pressure points, breathing exercises and postions! I was so blessed to have been in labor for a few short hours before meeting my little girl! Also, she gave my husband the confidence and tips he needed to be the best support person he could be! She also had great recommendations for outside help as well such as a maternal chiropractor who was amazing, and after birth she was so attentive with checking in on us to make sure we were all doing well! I highly recommend Audrea to any moms-to-be out there looking for a Doula! 


Emily Deibler8/21/2020 My husband and I felt so blessed to have Audrea Blayer as our doula! We had our beautiful baby June 8th and I knew exactly what to expect because of Audrea. My mother passed away several years ago and many women in my family currently do not have young babies, so I felt very unsure going into pregnancy. Audrea helped recommend excellent books for my husband and I to read and gave us excellent advice. During this crazy time in our world with COVID we could not meet face to face with Audrea, but she zoomed with us. She was very flexible and would change the time and date whenever we needed. She was always available to ask questions too, even when she was on vacation. Going into labor I felt very knowledgeable and understood what was happening. This helped ease my fears as a new mom. My husband also said he was so glad Audrea explained how he could help me get through labor. He didn't feel helpless, instead he knew how to support me. We loved Audrea as our doula and would recommend her to anyone looking for a great doula. 


Monica daniels6/9/2020We had the pleasure of having Audrea attend our December 2019 birth. She was amazing to say the least! She was always available for any questions I had leading up to our big day. She wassignificant other and caring during my pregnancy and following all the way up until I delivered and then in the following weeks after. She always showed she was truly invested whenever we would need her. She worked with our family to ensure we would have an amazing birthing experience! Audrea went above and beyond during my labor! She was there for us just shortly after we arrived at the hospital and stayed with us all the way through the end. She helped to jumpstart my contractions using pressure Points, walking & squatting. She helped me through the painful contractions by applying pressure to my back and hips. She was even able to assist and teach my significant other how to help me through contractions. She came prepared with this I had forgotten such as chapstick, an eye mask and snacks! Things you never thought would make such a difference in your labor! Ha! She was amazing at making me feel comfortable making decisions about my labor and delivery when hospital personnel made me feel like I didn't have much of a choice in my care. She helped me advocate for myself so I could have the best experience. Audrea was nice enough to take pictures for us, she'd give my significant other breaks to rest, and was sure to keep my spirits high and encourage me when needed. Over all, Audrea was an amazing person and a huge help during such a special and vulnerable time! I'd highly recommend her to any expecting mother! 


Ali Lesher2/28/2020When our family learned of our daughter's pregnancy, we were encouraged to look into hiring a doula. The circumstances surrounding her pregnancy were complicated. Once we received Audrea's name through a dear friend, we met with her as soon as possible. From our first meeting, Audrea exuded warmth, kindness, and great wisdom gathered through her learning and personal experience. Audrea was there from our very first meeting and she continues to be a very special part of our family as our grandchild continues to grow. She is exceptionally professional, encouraging and excellent in every aspect of her job.  Our family will be forever grateful to Audrea and we will always recommend her highly to anyone. She is an absolute treasure and will greatly enhance any woman's pregnancy and birth experience in addition to her life overall!


Jen Nester2/27/2020I knew after quite a traumatic experience with the birth of my first that I wanted a doula for my second - if not for anything else but for some reassurance that I have/had control over the birth. My first time speaking to Audrea I felt comfortable immediately (and it was on the phone)! Our second meeting was face to face and with my husband - she answered all of our questions and truly wanted to get to know us and what we envisioned during this pregnancy and birth. Due to my little one having a growth restriction in the womb, I was constantly at the doctors during my pregnancy. Each time I went in Audrea checked in and asked how I was feeling. She never pushed advice or judgement and always had an open ear. When our second was born it was an induction and Audrea prepared me as much as possible. When we felt we were ready for Audrea to come in, she entered softly and was ready for whatever I needed. My body's response to the induction was an intense one and this created some limited ideas to alleviate the pain. She provided helpful tips for my husband to help (ex: rubbing my back!). The time came for our little one to enter the world and Audrea was as excited as we were, which meant the world. We still are in contact and she continues to provide help and service for our family! I'm not sure I could have found a more compassionate person for the job. 


Sarah Torres2/17/2020Audrea was absolutely wonderful to have with us during my labor and birth of my second girl. She came to our apartment to guide me through laboring at home, as I wanted to stay home as long as I could. She offered guidance and reassurance, and accompanied us (my husband, toddler, and I) to the hospital. It was invaluable to have her wealth of knowlege and experience. She was supportive of my decisions when I was able to make them, and gentle with suggestions and recommendations when I just didn't know what I wanted! It was such a comfort to have her looking out for ALL of us throughout such a big life event.


Michelle and Matt2/8/2020Audrea made a huge difference to our birth experience. It was our first baby and we were determined to have a natural, intervention-free birth. She helped guide us to resources that would ensure we had our best chance at the birth we wanted. We really appreciated the confidence and level of knowledge she brought to our experience. It was so helpful to have her to assist my husband and I in different coping techniques during labor itself. I was very glad to have another woman in the room who knew what I was going through and did not work for the hospital. She was organized and professional and checked in with us many times after the birth as well. If you are looking for an experienced doula who can support you and your partner during the birth of a child, we definitely recommend Audrea!


Laurie Sanfilippo2/5/2020Audrea was phenomenal. From the very first conversation I had with her, I knew that she had both my interest and our baby’s at heart. She listened to our concerns and ultimately helped my husband and I navigate switching doctors at 37 weeks pregnant. We can’t thank her enough for her guidance during that stressful time. During labor and delivery, Audrea was a calming presence as she supported my husband and I. The laboring techniques she taught us were empowering and so helpful. I wanted a natural birth and Audrea advocated for me every step of the way. She was intune with not only my needs, but my husbands as well. My daughter’s birth was everything I wanted and so much more. She was a source of encouragement during my pregnancy, childbirth and continues to be postpartum. She even remembers milestone dates and checks in on how we are doing. Audrea truly cares about the families she works with and we are so grateful to have her as part of our birth story. She was a blessing and we will definitely be using her again when that time comes!


Chelsea Boes9/9/2019What a wonderful experience! I didn't know what to expect when hiring a doula but we knew Audrea was right for us from the moment we met her. Labor with my first child was looong--and hospital care was far from ideal. I was planning to deliver at the same hospital this time but Audrea asked me some very helpful questions and recommended some great reading. She was warm but so competent and professional. I needed her help so much--I just didn't know it yet! I was SO scared to go through birth again. Audrea asked me the first words that came to mind when I thought of childbirth and I said "long, humiliating, powerlessness, and dread." When you are that scared it is hard to imagine a good birth experience is possible! But Audrea challenged me to remember that this was a NEW birth and a NEW baby--that there was hope. And she also recommended birth trauma therapy to help deal with my last birth. I am SO grateful for that recommendation. I didn't know birth trauma therapy was a THING. Audrea recommended a great therapist. Therapy wasn't easy but it reversed the way I thought about birth--something I didn't believe was possible. I learned that the trauma of my last birth did not come from the difficulty or length of labor but from feeling unheard and bullied by hospital staff. Which gave me the confidence and courage--at 37 weeks!--to change to a new hospital an hour away. Our experience with Audrea was all that I hoped but also much more. I had real trauma to heal from and she helped me get help. We loved having Audrea in our home. She was always prompt to answer messages and proactive in keeping in touch but never invasive or pushy in any way. Perfectly sensitive. During the birth Audrea was truly servant-hearted and also a blessing to the hospital staff. You can tell Audrea has been there, done that--in the best way. "Women helping women"--truly what it felt like. Taught me that birth can feel like a joy instead of an emergency. I will miss her. Thankful!!


Sara Lego9/4/2019We had asked Audrea to be our backup doula in Hershey in case we had to be transferred there when I was around 28.5 weeks. Well,  a whopping 1.5 weeks later, we were calling her at midnight to meet us at Hershey because we were heading there in the helicopter! Audrea actually reached the hospital before the helicopter, with our birth plan in hand, and immediately made a somewhat scary situation positive with her reassuring presence.  She got the nurses on our side and gently advocated for me when I wanted the catheter removed, wanted to try different positions, and needed some water. She had a host of different massages and tricks to ease the labor and the more intense transition contractions, and even coached my husband so that he could actively assist. After a rather traumatic birth with my first son, Audrea’s expertise and warmth were a major factor in my second son’s birth being a cathartic, joyful experience despite his early arrival. I would HIGHLY recommend her services to anyone!!


Kate knapp8/10/2019We LOVED Audrea. She was amazing support before during and after birth. I was not able to get an epidural due to the quick delivery I had - Audrea was amazing helping me manage pain. I would and will recommend her to any other to be moms.


Becky Myers8/8/2019Knowing I wanted extra support for my first pregnancy and delivery, I looked into hiring a doula. My husband and I spoke with several doulas and felt comfortable with Audrea right from the start. She was very responsive answering my/our many questions throughout my pregnancy. Audrea was also helpful and supportive when I made the decision to switch OBs at 35 weeks. It was the best decision and a much better fit aligning with my desire for a natural birth plan. The birth of my daughter was truly an amazing, positive experience. I give Audrea so much of the credit because she listened and her experience was comforting. It's funny my husband initially supported the idea of a doula for me but at the hospital he realized and was grateful that Audrea was there for us! Our daughter is a healthy and very happy 9 month old ..and Audrea is so thoughtful to continue checking in! Both my husband and I couldn't imagine having gone through it without her!


Megan Barth5/14/2019Audrea came as a God send to us. As a very nervous first time mom and a foreigner in the US, I was unsure of the birthing process, my options and my rights to my choices. I decided to get a doulah who could advocate for me and my choices. After reading Audrea's bio, I was immediately drawn to her and contacted her. BEST DECISION. She has answered all 2 million questions (lol) patiently and confidently and never makes me feel like I'm bothering her. She has remained my go-to person even well after my baby's birth. She coached me superbly during my labour and delivery and always let me know what my options were at any given time whether it be medical or exercises to ease the pain. I highly recommend Audrea and I have already told her that she can't retire until I'm done expanding my family.


Yasminah5/2/2019Audrea was absolutely amazing! Not only is she knowledgeable, but she is also warm and friendly. Both my husband and I enjoyed working with her. She offered various comfort measures to me while I was in labor with massages and counter pressure to help ease the pain. She knew when to encourage me and when to take a step back. Audrea gave me the peace of mind to know that I could have the safe, natural birth that I wanted. I would highly recommend her for anyone looking for a doula! 


Stephanie Black5/2/2019My husband and I met Audrea through a “Meet the Doulas” event in the area and were immediately assured by her down-to-earth presence and her emphasis on helping us to have a successful birth experience as a couple. My labor didn’t quite go as planned – I was induced unexpectedly – and it was such a huge relief to have Audrea there for us. She stuck it out for over 24 hours and assisted us in making the decisions we wanted as the labor progressed. She was conscientious of making sure my husband and I were working together and was able to give him a reprieve to nap when needed (someone had to be rested for when our little man finally arrived!). Audrea was able to just sense when to take charge and when to step back – when you’re laboring and tired it’s nice to have your needs anticipated like this! On a more logistical note, Audrea was always available by text, before and after our son was born. We met to debrief after the birth, and Audrea struck a balance of helping me to process the birth experience emotionally and to give me tips on how to handle the first few weeks of motherhood. When we have another kiddo we’ll be reaching back out to Audrea!


Leslie Petersheim4/4/2019Meeting and hiring Audrea Blayer was one of the best decisions my husband and I made during the baby-planning process! It was my first pregnancy and I knew I wanted a natural birth, but I also knew I wanted someone with experience by our side for reassurance and to answer any questions, especially if our birth plan got thrown out the window. She met with us multiple times before I went into labor and she has a wealth of knowledge. When I arrived at the hospital, the nurses didn't take me too seriously about wanting a natural birth. As soon as Audrea walked in, the entire mood of the room lifted. A nurse actually said to me, "Oh...so you do want a natural birth." Audrea's positive relationship with the nurses boosted our confidence. Audrea was professional, patient, and personable throughout the entire process. She still texts me when our daughter reaches a milestone. We will, without a doubt, be calling Audrea again if the Lord ever blesses us with more children!


Kendal Ross2/11/2019I decided to hire a doula because of the fears I had with childbirth. My husband and I met with Audrea and immediately felt comfortable with her. I liked that she had so much experience as I had had a rough pregnancy and needed reassurance. Thank goodness we met when we did because my water broke 5 hours later! We called Audrea at 2 am; she answered and provided us with advice on when to go to the hospital. She met us there a few hours later and stayed by our sides until we had our son early the following morning. She even brought snacks!What I appreciated the most was Audrea helped me to stick to my guns about what I wanted for the birth. The OB practice I used was quite pushy, and she helped to explain things and supported my choices. She tried a lot of techniques to ease labor pain, but ultimately, her and my husband made a great team during pushing. My husband was grateful that she was there earlier in the day to pace the halls with me so he could rest and be there for me during active labor and after delivery to care for me and our son. She did a follow up after birth to see how we were transitioning to life at home with a newborn and continues to stay in touch to this day. It’s clear that Audrea truly cares about the families she works with and I’m so glad we hired her. We would definitely recommend her to other moms-to-be looking for a doula.


Allison Hastings12/7/2018Audrea was such a blessing during the weeks leading up to my daughter’s birth and during her birth. As a first time mom, I had so many questions about what to expect and she was available to answer all of them-without judgment. It is so important to feel comfortable with your doula and my husband (an admitted skeptic) instantly felt like we had known her forever. My daughter came quickly when she decided to arrive that, coupled with the back labor I experienced throughout labor could have easily left me feeling defeated and helpless. However, Audrea instantly began apply cold and hot compresses and pressure that instantly made the back labor tolerable. It was so tolerable that I didn’t ask for an epidural until I was 10 cm dilated! She was also instrumental in showing my husband what to do and took wonderful photos of our first moments with our daughter that we were too overwhelmed to remember to take. Hands down, we will call Audrea when we decide to have another baby!


Caroline Elizabeth11/29/2018You should hire Audrea as your doula! Our story goes like this: Our original doula had to tend to a family emergency a few weeks prior to my due date and suspended her services to all clients.  Being that this was my third kid, I was back and forth about whether we should go ahead and consider another doula (Audrea) or not. At this point we had already met and with and solidified birth plans with original doula (who was also our souls for our other two births. With only a few weeks left to go, I felt like starting from scratch would be too overwhelming. But boy, I am glad I took a leap of faith. Audrea worked efficiently and quickly with us. She made us feel like I was top priority by making herself available to us through text and FaceTime. Because of time and distance, the face time option was essential! When it was “go-time” we still hadn’t formally met Audrea in person but honestly, had already felt like I had known her for years. Audrea talked me through (via text) my false labor, and eventually my early labor, and through transition until arriving at hospital. Once at the hospital things went very fast. We arrived first and got situated. Audrea and my husband made an excellent team when the contractions intensified the time came to push. Audrea helped me to use positive affirmations and Vocabulary to help me progress through my contractions. She helped My husband with hand positions for massages.  She helped me how to breath and how to effectively use/conserve my energy. After the birth she stayed and chatted with us, helped answer nurses questions in regards to vaccinations and procedures. When I was on the fence about medical decisions, she was careful not to project her own opinions, but sent me unbiased information online to read so we could decide for ourselves. Audrea is a one In a million doula. If I was crazy enough to have a fourth child, she’d be the first one I’d call after finding out.


Caitlyn Steppy11/12/2018Where to begin??I had such a good experience with Audrea. I am a very independent person, but bringing a baby into this world is a whole new level of scary, radical, and amazing. Audrea was there for me in every way that I needed her to be. She was hands on and involved, but also gave me space. No matter what I needed, or how quickly those needs changed, she was so understanding and accomodating. She constantly ensured that my needs and wants were being met and respected by everyone else who was part of this journey with me. She helped me prepare for and endure the entire process as smoothly as one can. I never once felt that I was being judged. With all of the chaos, it was so nice to have a steady rock to rely on. Her level of care did not end when I had my baby. She wrote me a lovely and encouraging letter of her experience with me, she came to my home to ensure that baby and I were doing well, and she continues to check up on my daughter and how we are doing to this day.  If I decide to bring another baby into this world, I will absolutely hope to have Audrea be involved again.  Couldn’t thank her enough!!


Tina Dietman11/10/2018Audrea became my doula in an unexpexted way.  I was initially a little apprehensive about having a ”new” doula at my delivery but I couldn’t have been more blessed to have her.  She has a calm sweetness about her that instantly put me at ease. Her vast experience made me completely comfortable that she would assist me in having the delivery I hoped for - and she did.  The delivery of my third baby with Audrea’s help was nothing shy of perfect.Audrea also goes the extra mile and follows up after delivery.  She is a resource which is so helpful regardless of how many babies I’ve had.  Even though she has helped deliver many babies she made me feel like mine was so special and that means the world to me.I am so thankful for Audrea. I could not recommend her enough to anyone looking for a doula.


Alison Loucks11/8/2018My husband and I had a considered a doula from the start of our pregnancy but only firmly decided we needed one after finding ourselves frustrated and underwhelmed by the childbirth education classes offered by our health system. Once we met with Audrea, there was no competition: her knowledge and experience is unparalleled.Physically, our pregnancy was uncomplicated, but emotionally, what pregnancy isn’t complicated? From the get-go, I knew that my anxiety was going to play a decisive role in my birth experience, and I needed someone with whom I could be as open and honest as a therapist. Audrea was that person. She listened, and when we were finished talking, she knew exactly what issues I needed to address with my healthcare team and what book I needed to read to help me understand and articulate what I wanted and needed for myself and my birth.In the end, our son was in a great hurry to be born, for which reason, Audrea was only physically present with us in the delivery room for the very end. But she was never more than a text away, answering questions and projecting cheerful confidence into a stressful situation. I don’t remember her being there when my son was born, but I will forever remember afterwards, when she offered me the peanut butter crackers and water that I was too tired to know I needed.Given that her time in the delivery room with us was so short, she kindly compensated us with an extra post-partum session.We don’t know yet if we’re having more children, but if we do, we look forward to Audrea’s being there.


Morgan Cooper11/6/2018Audrea was a wonderful form of support and comfort during our pregnancy and delivery. She was so helpful throughout the process and she continued to check in after our baby was born. She also was a great advocate for my health during the process. Audrea truly cares about the families she works with. We really appreciate her and all she has done for our family! We highly recommend her!


Melissa Frederickson11/6/2018When we found out I was pregnant with our second child we knew we wanted help with the delivary. I was planning a vbac and wanted as natural as possible. Downside we just moved to a new area and I knew nothing had no connections. We heard about Om Baby and went to meet the Doula night in Hope's to find what we needed in our new area. I felt optimistic about it, we met with 4 different doula groups. I connected Audrea shortly after because the doctor I found out here was not supportive of a vbac. I didn't know what to do. She listen and understood where i was coming from and recommended a few doctors she has worked with. I was able to find an amazing practice that was closer to home. Audrea was helpful with my random questions throughout the pregnancy. Even when I was panicking thinking my contractions were something in the middle of the night. So supportive and the calming voice to bring you back to focus. With her help I was not only able to get my vbac I wanted I was able to do it unmedicated. She guided my husband to help me through my contractions and ways to help manage pain. Both my husband and I agree that would not have been possible without her help. We still keep in touch and she checks in on how our little girl is. This was an experience that I couldn't put a dollar amount on.


Kelly Eurich Beshore11/6/2018My husband and I had an incredible experience with Audrea. We are so glad that we found her and had her with us from early on in my pregnancy.  She was a wealth of information and so easy to connect with.  She was instrumental in helping us solidify our birth preferences and giving me the courage to do a natural birth. Our birth was unforgettable and she was wonderful in supporting us throughout the whole process. She brings a level of compassion and energy to the whole process that is quite refreshing.  It was great to have her as a resource throughout the pregnancy and especially towards the end and in early labor.  When she met us at the hospital for the birth she was well prepared and able to assist my husband in providing me comfort measures throughout labor and birth.  My husband found her presence very reassuring and helpful in knowing what to do to help me.  Our birth was a beautiful and wonderful experience.  Audrea stayed with us after our daughter was delivered until we were settled.  We loved having her as part of our experience and will definitely be using her again for our next pregnancy and birth!!


Victoria West11/6/2018I had a fantastic experience with Audrea. She provided support prenatally and gave me a thorough explanation of what to expect and how to have the labor and birth experience I wanted. My labor went extremely well, with her support, and I am very grateful to her! If I have another child, I will definitely be looking to have Audrea accompany me at the birth!


Sarah Anne Greek8/21/2018We had a great experience with Audrea for the birth of our second baby. My first son's birth was traumatic and there were alot of emotions and fear heading into this labor. She was completely supportive and understanding and her labor knowledge was incredibly impactful in this brith being different. my husband agreed having her there really allowed him not to be stressed out while still knowing I was supported.


Mara Pagano7/25/2018Audrea is the best! I originally hired her to manage my husband in the delivery room but didn’t realize how useful she would be to me!I didn’t realize I needed a doula until Audrea worked her magic during contractions! I was induced and the moment the first pitocin contraction hit me I was in pain. Audrea did counter pressure massage during each and every contraction and my intense pain became a small nuisance (seriously!).  She continued this for 6hrs until I delivered. Incredible!We connected and bonded during my entire pregnancy so her presence was very welcome during my labor.I highly recommend her. She is kind, compassionate and very well informed.Thank you for empowering me to have the labor and delivery i wanted, Audrea!


Leslie McAnallen Miller6/5/2018I am so thankful that we had Audrea as our doula when my daughter was born three years ago.  Audrea was instrumental in helping me have such a positive experience, and I still feel so blessed to have worked with her.  She is part of the special memory I have of the day my daughter was born.Audrea has endless energy and exudes joy for what she does.  I had a long labor with three hours of pushing, and Audrea was full of encouragement and actively helping me with every single push, after she had already spent all night at the hospital with us.  Helping moms is her passion and gift.  She helped me verbalize my concerns at every step, and helped me reach a much more peaceful frame of mind.  I was also glad for her amazing massage through all my (back labor) contractions before I elected to get an epidural.  I was glad she was supportive of my preference to use an epidural, and I didn't feel like I was doing something "wrong."  After I had my daughter, I really appreciated her follow-ups with me, as I navigated the emotions and challenges of being a new mom.I truly can't imagine not having Audrea's wonderful help!  She is AMAZING!


Lindsay Mastrippolito3/30/2018Audrea was a fantastic doula!  She assisted myself and my husband through the labor and delivery of our precious baby girl.  She spent countless hours massaging my back because I didn't want an epidural.  She was very helpful in giving tips to help progress the labor along as well as a comforting knowing we had someone else on our team to help guide us.  I highly recommend Audrea to anyone looking for a doula.  I will certainly be calling her for baby #2! :)


shana slossberg3/26/2018We were happy to have Audrea be part of our birthing experience. She was very attentive to our needs and took a lot of time to get to know us and how we envisioned the birth would go. Audrea is very responsive to phone calls and texts, which is always appreciated! She also gave us helpful tips when it came to our newborn at our postpartum visit. Overall we were very happy with our experienc!


Judie Howrylak2/22/2018I strongly recommend Audrea Blayer, my birth doula for my second child. I had a very difficult labor and shoulder dystocia with my first baby, and was very concerned that the same situation would the second time. In my first meeting with Audrea, we discussed my previous difficult labor and birth, along with my goal to have a natural childbirth outside of the hospital. Audrea was extremely supportive of my goal and worked with me on ways to prepare my body and mind for a better birth, including working with a chiropractor, Spinning Babies videos, and relaxation exercises. The night I went into labor, I noticed contractions while soaking in the tub, so I started texting back and forth with Audrea, trying to figure out whether this was real labor, or just Braxton-Hicks contractions. It was great being able to reach her so quickly. Once we figured out that I was in labor, we made arrangements to meet at the birth center, about 45 minutes away. At the birth center, I continued to soak in the tub while Audrea arrived with an intern and we all sat around the tub chatting and relaxing. At this stage, I really just wanted someone to chat with, to take my mind off my previous difficult labor. I think this was the most important aspect of the doula experience for me because being able to manage my stress level and stay relaxed allowed me to have a much more gentle birth with my second child. While in the tub hanging out and enjoying my conversation with Audrea, I progressed to the final stage of labor within about 45 minutes. I don’t remember the contractions being particularly painful either, though they were intense, and I did have some nausea. I felt completely relaxed and in the zone. After about 20 minutes of pushing, Shelby was born. I had just a small tear and was able to go home later that day with my new baby girl.


Stephanie Kelly2/12/2018We ended up choosing a doula later on in our pregnancy. And boy, were we glad we did! From the initial interview, both my husband and I felt very comfortable with her. We were looking for a doula that would act as a coach, guide, mother figure, patient advocate, etc. for us. She helped us get started on our birthing plan and the many questions we had.  She is very sweet, down to earth, responds quickly, etc. She's been through this many times and has 6 children of her own! So, she has the doula experience as well as the experience of being a mother herself. She checks in regularly and adapts to your schedule quickly. She doesn't view this as a job. You are a main priority to her, and she truly does care for you. In addition, although she works with many different kinds of families, it was really comforting knowing we shared similar values in our faith.  Also, my goal was to keep everything as natural as possible for it, and we managed to do that with the amazing help of Audrea (counter pressure, massages, soothing tones, balls, stress relievers, breathing techniques, you name it!). She helped guide & coach us through from start to finish. In the healthcare world that we have now, it tends not to be patient-centered care anymore, and doulas are an AMAZING and necessary addition to the birthing process.  Another reason why we liked her so much is that she really works in tandem with the healthcare staff. She is truly a patient advocate but will not get in the way of the healthcare professionals and what they need to do during delivery. (side note: this might help any skeptical husbands - my husband was one and didn't think it was necessary - after hiring Audrea as our doula for our 2nd birth, he said he was wrong and could not have imagined doing this process without her - he agreed to hiring her for our next pregnancies!)


Rachel Petersen Keen1/26/2018I am so grateful that we hired Audrea to assist me in the birth of our first child this October. We went with Audrea because we liked how down-to-earth and personable she was. We also valued her sense of humor, and the fact that she appreciated ours. She put us both at ease, and asked us a lot of great questions to help us prepare for this major life event. During labor, she was a tremendous encouragement and cheerleader, and she helped a ton with pain management. I appreciated that she was so responsive to my needs with minimal communication on my part. My husband was also very attentive and supportive, and with Audrea there, he was able to concentrate on giving me the emotional support I needed from him, because he didn't have to figure out what to do in the way of hands-on support. Instead, he could just follow Audrea's lead as she tried different ways to make me more comfortable.Audrea was also very helpful when it came to processing our birth experience, which we really valued. There were a number of significant details that my husband and I were rather foggy on, so it was nice to be able to debrief with Audrea at our post-partum appointment. She helped us fill in the timeline of our son's birth, answered some questions we had about the complications of his birth, and offered another perspective to help round out our understanding of our experience. Next to the tremendous help she provided with pain management, this turned out to be the most valuable aspect of her service, for me. The post-partum appointment also gave us an opportunity to get some very practical  advice on infant-care from and experienced mom. I've also appreciated all the caring text messages Audrea has sent to check in on us in the three months since our sons's birth. I know she geniunely cares, and is available to offer advice and support if we need her.


Kimberly Reed10/5/2017I highly recommend Audrea for any future birthing experience. She made our birthing experience with our second child one of the most memorable and exciting times in our lives, and truly something we will never forget. From the moment I met her months before my actual birth we clicked immediately. She is caring, loving, funny, spiritual, and very knowledgeable. I enjoyed the months we had prior to the actual delivery.  We had constant communication, and I felt more than confident and ready to deliver based upon the resources, knowledge, and recommendations she gave me prior to the arrival of our baby.  The day I went into labor she was there immediately and ready to stay for the duration. She was able to help me get through 20+ hours of labor. All of her natural techniques helped to ease my pain and contractions.  We had a lot of bonding  and very hilarious moments throughout the day.   I actually feel like we laughed more than anything else that day. There are many things that I love that she was able to do, but one of the best things I felt like she was able to do was to fight for what I wanted.  For example,  my labor was not progressing as quickly as we had hoped for, and one of the nurses suggested that I should go home. Well you can imagine after already being in the hospital for 15+ hours that was not going to be an option for me. Audrea calmly went out into the hallway and spoke to the nurses and the midwife and within minutes the midwife came into the room and suggested that we break my water. From that moment on things progressed quickly but I love that she knew what I wanted and needed and didn't take no for an answer. Another thing I cherished is how Audrea and my husband bonded more than I ever thought they possibly could.  I was able to deliver my baby naturally and if I could do it all over again I would only choose Audrea to go through the birthing experience??????


Jillian Tompkins9/12/2017I truly cannot say enough about our experience with Audrea. From the beginning my husband and parents were skeptical on the true need for a doula. After our first meeting, and learning what her experience was and what service she would provide, my husband was right on board. Audrea provided us with personal education in our home so we could skip the hospital classes. She helped me make my birth plan and vowed to help me stick with it.  My birth plan was changed when we had to be induced due to being late. My "all natural birth plan" turned into an emergency c-section. Audrea was there and supportive 100%. She came into the room and stayed with me after delivery while my husband was with our baby. My dad witnessed her true dedication to me and support she provided while attempting natural birth. He was the first to admit that having Audrea there was a gift.  She was supportive physically, emotionally, and spiritually. She continues to check in on our little family. I recommend her 100%. Thanks Audrea!! you are amazing!


Rebecca Brandt Clayton9/2/2017When I had my first son in 2011, I was naive. I thought my husband and I would go to the hospital and we would do whatever they said and it would be fine. I certainly was not interested in having anyone else with us. Well, I had a terrible birthing experience - Pitocin, episiotomy, third-degree tear, and then problems with my bowels for a year. I was scared to have more children and didn’t think I would.We used Audrea for our second and third babies! We had a son in July 2015 and a daughter in December 2016. I am so thankful that we found Audrea because she was such a pillar of strength for us. She helped me feel more knowledgeable and confident after having a scary first delivery. Having Audrea with us gave my husband a chance to do something as simple as grabbing a sandwich without leaving me alone. Think of her as a coach - labor can be long or short, but with her to give you a plan, it can go quickly. There were many times that Audrea and my husband helped with pressure points simultaneously.Our second son was 2 full pounds larger than our first and I had no problems. The doctor/midwife team opted for a small side episiotomy to ease the tension on my scar. I also opted to have a drug-free, natural birth. I feel that my experience on Pitocin was by far worse than a natural experience. We were so pleased with Holy Spirit Hospital and Audrea, we decided to travel two hours to have our daughter there (we had moved away after baby #2).  Our “littles” are 17 months apart and we felt more confident traveling rather than using a new hospital.Audrea is selfless, caring, funny, knowledgeable, and pretty much always up for texting a mommy when she is worried.  She truly cares about you as a mom, your partner, and your children.  I highly recommend Audrea as a doula and am grateful that I found her!


Liz Fox8/23/2017We met Audrea through a friend of our's. My husband didn't know what a doula was. I only knew because I had wanted to be one years ago. I just never knew how much I would need a doula until i got pregnant with my first child.Audrea is amazing! I've had her as a doula for both of my babies(I have a two year old and a three month old).With my first pregnancy, the whole birthing process traumatized me, but she met with me and walked me through some things to encourage me. She drove over an hour to stay with us during my labor and delivery. I went to midwives and had a natural birth. Audrea did acupressure to help ease the pain in my contractions. My husband held me throughout my labor.We have kept in contact with Audrea ever since. I didn't meet with her during my second pregnancy, but I contacted her with questions I had. I had false labor with my second born, but only asked Audrea to come when I went into actual labor. I had my second child at the same birthing center that I had my first. Because my hubby was unable to hold me, due to an injury, Audrea held me during the delivery.We still keep in touch with Audrea. Whenever I have questions regarding the health of my baby, I ask her, my mom or a midwife. I highly recommend Audrea to anyone seeking a doula!


Taylor Scarboro8/9/2017Audrea is everything I wanted in a doula. When we met, I immediately felt that she was a warm, calm person and I felt very comfortable chatting with her.This being our first baby, my husband and I weren't confident in what to expect from pregnancy and delivery. Leading up to the birth of our daughter, Audrea was always available to answer our questions and ease our concerns. I always felt that I could text her with any questions and get the answers I needed, or she was a great listener to help me figure out my own thoughts.When I went into labor, knowing Audrea would be at the hospital eased our minds. Audrea helped my husband stay calm while we stayed home and offered different suggestions for managing contractions. Once we got to the hospital she was the perfect amount of being present- we knew she was available for guidance but she also stepped back to let my husband take on the role of my primary support person.His support and help was so important to me, and I don't think he would have been confident enough to take on that position without Audrea's reassurance.I never thought I would be able to say I enjoyed childbirth. I always thought it was something you just had to deal with to have a baby. My daughters birth was everything I could have hoped for and such an empowering experience- I believe I owe this to my birth team- I couldn't have done it without Audrea!


Sandra Hoops8/6/2017I have known Audrea Blayer for a couple of years and have come to admire her dedication to serving women. She so believes in the natural process of birth and has studied hard and learned techinques that enhance the process of birth. She is so kind and considerate. She often helps women who are is situations that are less than ideal (relationships, economic, etc) and goes beyond what is required to help the woman and family.I appreciate working with Audrea as she stands beside the woman and her family, yet doesn't interfere with the medical management except to express the woman's desires. we are fortunate to work in a pregressive unit that is working hard to decrease C/S rates. We encourage movement and positioning to enhance the progression of labor. It is an extremely busy unit so we are always thrilled to have doulas.Audrea also brings a more that her doula training. SHe has trained in caring for those families who have lost and infant or child. SHe is a very capable mother and loving wife. She feels deeply and spiritually and has the heart of a servant.I can't wait to work with her again.


Alyssa G8/3/2017Our first pregnancy, Audrea was absolutely wonderful! I honestly don't know what we would have done without her expertise, her caring heart, and knowledgable thoughts. She helped us to create the calm, peaceful environment that we desired. Audrea was truly a God-send for us.I remember my husband saying "I never knew what a doula was really for", but after seeing what a great resource and support she was for us the first time around, neither of us hesitated to call her up as soon as we found out we were expecting again!In preparation, Audrea walked us through what to expect during the labor and delivery process. She recommended actions we could take (long before our due date) to make labor & deliver an all-around better experience. She was able to answer all of our questions, and provide us with helpful resources and information.Audrea was very supportive of our desires and personal plan for how we wanted our L&D to go. She also painted a realistic picture for us, which we both appreciated.Audrea is a very kind, knowledgable, and thoughful person. Her physical assistance & support during the hardest moments of labor were truly irreplaceable! She is worth her weight in gold (and more)! I recommend her to all of my expectant friends.She was our advocate in the hospital, and we are so grateful for all she did to support us throughout both of our pregnancies. We are so thankful that she was our doula!Her follow-up with us (after both deliveries) was greatly appreciated!We will surely call her again if we are in need of her expertise and skills in the future.


Helena Graybill8/2/2017We highly recommend having Audrea Blayer support your family during the birthing experience. We met Audrea through my sister's friend, who also was a doula. This friend was mentored by Audrea and spoke highly of her. Since we're outside of her territory, she referred us to Audrea. When I first talked with Audrea, right away I felt at ease. We spent a significant amount of time on the phone where she shared her story, got to know me, and answered my questions. In addition, I learned that she was a follower of Jesus Christ too and, at our request, would support us in prayer throughout the process. After our conversation, I knew she was the one we were to hire as our doula. Since this was our first pregnancy, we were new to everything. Knowing that we had an experienced doula was very important to us. In preparation, we also took the Bradly Class, a twelve week intensive class to prepare parents for delivery. It helped prepare my body, mind, and spirit to embrace labor and for my husband to support me in the best way possible. Audrea was very professional and respectful of our needs and the hospitals. She took time to get to know our likes and dislikes so she could be a supporting role to me and my husband. Her role was NOT to step in the husband's role. I remember my husband being exhausted and she encouraged him to take a nap while she supported me through my early labor stage so he could be well rested for later. I had lower back labor pains and she knew exactly how to help release some of the pain. My husband and I were grateful for her and agreed to hiring her again for our next birth. The hospital staff commented by saying how wonderful we worked together, "It was like a well oiled machine." They said I made labor look easy;) I give all the glory to the Lord who helped me through the process. I thank Him for giving me a wonderful supportive husband, helping us find an experienced Christian doula and the strength to do ALL things.


Erika Frank8/1/2017After a traumatic C-section and a miscarriage, I decided to find a doula. My initial meeting with Audrea changed everything. Audrea has personally experienced loss and VBAC and many births, and the firsthand experience was invaluable. She is warm and cheerful and a great listener, not pushy. Very open to accommodating your needs. We talked through everything, and she built my reassurance. It was the first time my birth anxiety lessened, and I actually believed I could do it.  She helped me see that childbirth could be a natural, beautiful thing. Audrea was great at staying in touch by text and phone.I had the confidence to labor outside of the bed (unlike my first delivery). It was a relief to know that Audrea was there with lots of tools and techniques, ready to try whatever I needed. Even simply making conversation with Audrea to pass the time was helpful. It was nice to have a very experienced mom to chat with! I had a successful epidural, and was able to sleep through the night. Audrea slept in the room with my husband and me, at my request. In the morning it was time to push, and Audrea coached me through and provided me support and reassurance. She advocated for me with the hospital staff. She even put on gloves and was another set of hands for the delivery nurses. She helped me achieve the VBAC birth of my daughter, which was the best moment of my life!! They placed the baby on my chest right away, who wiggled up to breastfeed all on her own. I had a very successful breastfeeding relationship with my daughter compared to my son, and I wonder if it was because of the wonderful start we had. Audrea stayed in touch by text and visited us at home a few days later. She wishes my daughter well on birthdays.I am so grateful to have had Audrea as my doula, my birth coach, my advocate. It was money very well spent. The birth of my daughter was a dream come true! What an incredible blessing! I highly recommend Audrea as your doula!


srujana bobba7/24/2017She is like a GOD sent, she is one of my best decisions. There was never a second thought since the day i Interviewed her, i met her twice she made me feel very comfortable, answered all my questions. For her Money comes secondary, her priority is always her clients, she is someone who goes extra mile, even when not asked. She is very responsive to calls or text messages.My storyMy water broke at 5:30am, i texted Audrea her at 5:40am, she gave me two options that she can come down to my house and wait with me till pains start or she said she can come to hospital right away. Since we are first time parents my husband was all panicky and insisted that we go to Hospital. My pains didnt start for good 4-5rs, when my pains started i was sitting on the excerise ball and Audrea was giving me back massage, my dilation progress was very slow by 11pm i was only dilatued 5cm, Audrea was with all through out didnt leave my side, we tried all kinds of techniques for pain, hot water bath, excerise ball, back massage, walking,  i couldnt take the pain any longer(after 12hrs), i took my epidural at 11pm around, Audrea stayed with me till i feel asleep and she slept in the waiting area, all through the night she was checking on me. i was dialted 10 by Noon, she stayed by and helped with brest feeding and latching techquines, she left around 5pm. Am still in touch with her, she texts me to asks me about my little one. When i plan for my second one, she will be my first and only choice. Good Luck Audrea.


Laurel Vargas7/12/2017One of the many great choices my husband and I made for our first childbirth was having a doula in addition to our midwife for our at-home delivery. We could not have chosen a better doula than Audrea. We already had an excellent midwife who had been walking us through the pregnancy and we thought we didn't need or want anyone else present for the delivery of our first child. However, toward the end of the pregnancy after some conversations with her we decided to receive her services and we are so glad we did. When we met with her as a couple before the birth, she was very thorough in helping us communicate exactly what we wanted and didn't want during the birth, and set my mind at ease concerning all the unknowns of a first childbirth. She coached my husband and I in using counter-pressure for labor pains which was a total game-changer for my levels of pain during contractions later on. Audrea also helped me greatly in preparing my heart to receive my first child, and offered so much kind wisdom and both emotional and practical help in my preparation for motherhood.When I gave birth, Audrea was there along with my midwife and husband, and what a great team they were! While I wouldn't have been comfortable with anyone else in the room, Audrea was a welcome presence and so helpful. She and my husband offered immense support and encouragement during my long labor, and she helped my husband to know how to best support me when I wasn't able to communicate it myself. She has a wonderful bedside manner, professional yet relaxed and easygoing. She brought so much peace to the atmosphere and between her and my midwife, my first childbirth was one of the most unexpectedly beautiful experiences of my life.In addition to her practical support, Audrea is a wealth of wisdom, knowledge and experience, both in pregnancy, childbirth and child raising! She has got to be one of the best doulas out there.


Andrea Y. Hess6/28/2017My husband and I have been privileged to have Audrea a part of three pregnancies. My first delivery was an induction lasting 43 hours. She stuck by our sides the entire time.  The only times she left were when she knew we needed some private time of which she was very sensitive. After numerous interventions including an epidural,  I did finally deliver our 10lb 1oz son vaginally!  Then she stayed until she was confident I was stable as I had hemorrhaged. Her presence was comforting.Our second delivery was completely natural, smooth and beautiful! Audrea met us at the hospital and I delivered 2.5 hours later! Again, she was sensitive to our needs as a couple. She made a point to make sure my husband was supportimy me in the ways I needed most and saved her support for others ways that he couldn't simultaneously offer. It was a complete joy!Sadly, our third pregnancy ended in a miscarriage at 8 weeks. But Audrea's support didn't waver. She was completely available to me as I processed emotionally and experienced the physical side of miscarriage including an ER visit after I hemmoraged at home. Again, she brought comfort to me.I'm so grateful to have Audrea as a doula! And this comes from a woman who is experienced in women's health including working as a labor and delivery nurse. We all need experienced, caring and sensitive support when we are the new mamas!


Carolyn Romano6/28/2017October 2016 - Audrea was a great resource from the beginning. She met with us in person 3 times before our birth and was available for questions anytime through text or phone call. She was balanced and honest, which helped me feel comfortable since I was super nervous about birth. At our request, she prayed with us and for us which was so special! We moved at 7 months pregnant and she was willing to drive more than an hour to our apartment then go to the hospital as well. When I went into labor, she came over at 1 am and helped me figure out when would be best to go to the hospital and helped with suggestions for pain relief, doing counter pressure. All during my 43 hour labor she maintained a calm, steady presence. I wanted a natural birth but after 24 hours I got an epidural. She just let me choose and supported our choice. She helped me understand the options at the hospital that they didn't tell me. My husband was amazing and stepped up to be my coach, so Audrea supported him by getting snacks, food, drinks, she encouraged me with positive affirmations. My baby needed to be turned, so she attempted to help her turn by using the rebozo. She suggested different options when labor was so painful. She worked with the nurses and midwife to best support us. She stayed with us through all the labor, she was with us for about 37 hours! i don't remember a lot during labor but my husband said she was invaluable to him during a very stressful time. After the birth, she was available through text or phone to help us know options of how to get our baby to sleep, with breastfeeding, etc. She texted us a happy birthday text monthly for 6 months after our daughter was born. We thank God for Audrea, she was so helpful to us!


Jessica Pine6/6/2017I delivered my first child in 2010, and my second in 2012. Audrea was by my side from beginning to end for both births. As a first-time mother, you really have no idea what is about to happen when you deliver. Audrea took the time and walked me through every possible avenue. She made sure everything went as smoothly as possible (right down to the ice chips)! My first delivery was very long because I opted for an epidural halfway through, but Audrea stayed by my side during the entire labor and delivery. She gave my husband support and encouragment as well. My second child was fast and furious! We called Audrea close to midnight, and our little girl was born about and hour and a half later. After she was born, I was struggling with breast-feeding. I had no idea what could be wrong. Audrea, again, came to the rescue by mentioning that it may be worth getting my daughter checked out for potentially being tongue-tied. We found out that she was and It was such a relief to know that my daughter could get help. Audrea is such a wealth of knowledge for any and all situations related to the birthing process. She is a rock and a pillar when you don't think you can go on. She's not just a doula, she is a friend, confidant, coach, and inspiration. She can help with any and all needs you might have before and after labor and delivery!


Becky Stuckey6/2/2017My son was born in July of 2016 and Audrea was our doula.  It was my first pregancy and I was terrified of childbirth and overwhelmed by our life circumstances at the time.  Audrea was incredibly supportive, positive, and encouraging throughout.  She frequently checked in with me during the months and weeks leading up to my due date, and made herself available to me at anytime.  My birth did not go as planned, as I was induced early with precclampsia.  Due to my medical condition, many of the natural things I hoped to try were not an option.  Despite that, Audrea remained by our side for almost 3 days as labor progressed and things moved along.  It was a marathon, and Audrea stayed up with us and supported my husband especially while I was the most vulnerable.  I pushed for almost 4 hours and she was an encouraging support throughout all of it.  So much of my birth experience was completely outside of my control, but I truly believe her presence helped me to avoid a C-secetion. She truly went above and beyond our expectations.  When my son was born, he was not breathing well and needed to stay in the NICU.  Audrea made sure my baby was ok, but she also stuck by my side supporting me post birth so that my husband could be with our son in the NICU.  She was so helpful with all of the small things post- delivery that  I didn't think of; like how to use a breast pump, how to properly swaddle our baby, and how do I manage a schedule with a little one. Even though I had a birth that didn't go to 'plan',  Audrea helped us to navigate it all with grace. Audrea was an invaluable pillar of support during a very difficult time; I can't imagine doing it without her!


alison munroe6/1/2017I have two beautiful girls born in 2014 and 2016 and asked Audrea to be my doula for both! During the birth of my first daughter I was unsure of how Audrea’s presence in the delivery room could make any difference, but it didn't take long to realize I was in the best hands. Little did I know that she would make sure my wishes and wants were communicated seamlessly with medical staff while I was in too much pain to speak. She guided my husband in how to care for me when he had no idea what to do or say.Audrea’s light and spirit, along with her silent determination, were crucial in my birth experience. I had a 57 hour labor. I don't remember her not being by my side, massaging my lower back during every contraction, lifting me up when I felt to weak to move on, and backing me in the end when I needed an epidural after 3 days. I'm almost certain her presence saved me from having a cesarean. She empowered me to do what my body was made to do.During my second labor, I was attempting an all natural birth. Audrea made sure I felt comfortable enough to have my needs met, and to request anything I wanted or needed during my labor. I think I moved from the bed, to the counter, to the tub, and back again a dozen times. She helped me alleviate pain during every contraction. At the end of my active labor I did not want to be touched. The baby was on a nerve and sunny side up and every touch brought agony. She communicated this to all nurses and staff, who then made sure to be as hands off as possible without endangering me or the baby. While I was pushing, Audrea coached and encouraged. After losing a lot of blood and being too weak, she communicated my needs to staff and made sure I was given the best care. She also addressed medical concerns that I didn't know or think to ask about. I really would have been lost without her during both labors and don't think I'll ever have a child without her in the room with me!


Amanda Sipos6/1/2017I have a severe anxiety disorder and was very nervous about having my first baby. Audrea  helped keep me relaxed and calm at the hospita. She was blessing to have.


Melissa Toback5/30/2017I was pregnant with #2 and because of the experiences I had delivering #1 I felt the need for a doula. I had an emergency c-section with #1 and a lot of PPD after feeling I had failed. I realize now that feeling was silly, but!. From the moment we started talking, Audrea put my mind at ease, she also methodically and very kindly helped to rebuild the confidence I had lost from my first pregnancy/delivery. She taught me pain coping techniques and helped to educate me for a natural delivery. She encouraged me to advocate for a VBAC which I desperately wanted. My LO was past due date and she kept me calm while I was stressing about being forced into another cesarean. When delivery day came 4 days after due date I wasn't sure what labor felt like and she walked me through it every step of the way. I was in labor at the hospital for a total of 5 hours little man came fast, quick, healthy and unmedicated! That soul healing experience gave me a euphoric sense of accomplishment and confidence and I could not have done it without the love and support of my partner and my doula. We loved working with Audrea so much that when we were surprised with our third little one she was the first person we called. She again helped me to have a safe, healthy and extremely manageable unmedicated labor and delivery. She encouraged me to do research on pain coping techniques with recommendations which really helped. She also worked Hands-On with my partner to apply counter pressure for pain relief, and touch to increase my feelings of calm. Audrea helped me get to a place where I was 150% confident to birth my babies and I was not afraid because of the strength and courage she help me find. I could not have had the blissfully beautiful experiences that I had without Audrea. It almost makes me want to keep having babies so that I can continue to work with her! I can never truly articulate how much she means to us but highly recommend her services!


James Hauptman5/30/2017Audrea was with us throughout the entire delivery process for all three of my children. I didn't quite know what to do to help my wife during labor but Audrea did! My wife Abigail and I have decided that we won’t have another baby without her there. After the delivery I wished I had a million dollars to give Audrea for her work - she’s that good! She calmed a lot of fears and is also a wealth of knowledge. Any questions I had, I could ask her. She brought a very positive presence to the room and was even a great resource to my wife post-partum. A special memory I have is of her awesome Doula Supplies Bag. I was so hungry during my wife's labor and not only did she bring massage oils and tools, etc. but EVEN had snacks for me! Having her as part of our lives in something we are so grateful for. We felt like she took the time to understand who we are as a couple and incorporate that into the delivery experience. If you're looking for a doula, don't look any further. Meet Audrea and you won't regret it!


Todd Gearhart5/30/2017Audrea was our doula for the birth of Jadon, our first child. We were new to the birthing process, and really wanted a natural birth, if at all possible. Let me tell you a bit (from a dad's perspective) about how Audrea was an AMAZING doula.She came prepared with a wealth of knowledge, compassion, and a willingness to support my wife Hannah (of course!), and also provided me with "on-the-job" instruction on how to help me be a great birth partner to Hannah. At one point, Audrea was showing me where to massage Hannah's back while she provided counter pressure on Hannah's hips.During the labor process, Audrea was an excellent advocate for Hannah's desire to have an unmedicated birth that was as free of medical interventions as possible. Our birth took place in a hospital setting with nurses that were somewhat skeptical of the role of a doula, and Audrea was able advocate for us and do in a way that won over the support of nurses. The bottom line: Audrea helped Hannah have the birth she wanted.She was so thoughtful and offered to run out to tell family even as Hannah and I were overcome with emotion soon after the birth of our son - she supported and helped us when we needed help without any agenda of her own.Finally, her after-birth support is a tremendous blessing and priceless! Whether it was a breastfeeding issue, sleeping tips, or even just moral support, she was there for my wife and I, and made the birth and afterwards a whole lot smoother!We both highly, highly, highly recommend Audrea as a doula!


Good Vibrations 20065/30/2017My wife and I are new to the Mechanicsburg area as of July 2016. We got pregnant in August and decided that we needed to find a doula. After reaching out to some local birth care support services Audrea and several other doulas were referred to us through email. Audrea was quick to reach out to us and gave a very thorough and detailed response to our inquiry. She sounded like a perfect match for us so we set up an in person meeting whicb went very well. Things we liked best about Audrea were 1) her vast and recent experience with natural birthing, 2) her familiarity with local hospitals, and 3) she was totally on board with all of our natural birthing choices.We did not set up another in person session until the birth, but Audrea was very good about staying in touch via email and text to make sure we were doing ok and to answer any questions we had leading up to the birth. Audrea was always quick to respond and was very thorough and supportive in her responses.When we went into labor I called Audrea at about 1:30 AM on the morning of Sunday, May 7. Audrea answered on the second ring and she was at the hospital within 40 minutes! Wow! Audrea came fully prepared with everything that we may need during the birth, including an array of snacks for my wife.This is the point where Audrea REALLY made herself valuable to us because she became our personal birthing assistant and we SO APPRECIATED having her in the room with us while the nurses and doctors were coming in and out sporadically. Audrea did an AMAZING JOB working with my wife, massaging her back, answering questions, helping with trips to the bathroom, etc. She truly helped with the pain during contractions in a meaningful way and my wife cannot say enough about how helpful she was! She was truly a difference maker - we know we made the right choice with her!!Audrea hung in there to the very end and FULLY EXCEEDED OUR EXPECTATIONS! We will always be grateful for Audrea!


Abigail Hauptman5/29/2017I am so incredibly grateful for Audrea. She was my doula for all three of my children! Joy was born in July of 2010, Jada in January of 2013 and Finn in February of 2016. When I was pregnant with my first child, it was a nice idea to think of having a doula, an extra person, in the delivery room. She was SO much more than I could have ever asked for! During my pregnancies she answered so many questions, never judging but being patient and kind. In the delivery room she was a ROCKSTAR. She catered to who we were as a couple, my husband and I. She was gentle in spirit but also a strong presence that made me feel safe. She used back massage techniques EVERY contraction and the pressure really made a difference in my pain level. After that, I was sold! I've had three babies, a total of 25 hours of labor, no epidurals, and I could not have done it without her. I can't say enough about her amazing gift and abilities as a doula. I felt so encouraged as a mother in labor by her presence and support. My husband to this day talks about how incredible of a doula she was and when we got pregnant with our second and third, he would say "Gotta make sure Drea is available!" After the births, she continued to be someone I could text or call with questions or for advice. I find her to be a wealth of knowledge. She was even there for me when we miscarried between our second and third children. Her empathy was so comforting. She's the REAL DEAL!


Julie McManus5/29/2017Having Audrea as our doula was life changing! Being a first time mom there were a lot of unknowns and Audrea was there every step of the way to answer our questions, help educate, and make sure we felt prepared and ready! She helped with our birth plan and gave tips on getting ready to Deliever! She made it a point to get together a couple times throughout the pregnancy and was very personable And supportive. She really helped my husband feel more confident. My labor was very very long and she stood by the entire time! I can't say how helpful and supportive she waa during the whole process! I highly suggest you hire her as your Doula!