DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
8 TESTIMONIALS

Beverly Nikerle CD(DONA)

Birth Stories

Perkiomenville, PA  Service range 50 miles

(610) 216-5716

Birth Fee

$1100

CONTACT BEVERLY VIEW BEVERLY'S AVAILABILITY


                                
                                    Veronica Knowles DeWalt
                                    10/15/2018
                                
                                
                                    Mrs. Nikerle was absolutely amazing. She has a genuine servants heart. She advocated for me and tended to me with such love and compassion. I can’t imagine not having her at the birth of my first baby! She talked me through each step, explaining everything in a way that I could understand. She anticipated my every need. She was a huge blessing to my Mom and husband, bringing them food and literally tucking them in so they could rest when i was resting! I’m so thankful to God for such a sweet doula! She took notes of every detail of my labor and delivery and presented me with my daughter’s birth story! It had every detail from the first contraction to the last push. This birth story is a treasure! I’m so thankful she took the time to record such wonderful memories for me!
Mrs Nickerle is a very sweet part of the most precious memory of my life, the birth of my baby girl. We share a unique bond that will last for eternity because we are sisters in Christ. I’m so glad I made the decision to choose Mrs Nickerle as my doula, I don’t know what I would have done without her support!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Amber D.
                                    4/27/2018
                                
                                
                                    I am so happy with our decision to hire Beverly. She is there for you no matter the length of your labor. Other doulas charge extra if your labor goes over a certain time limit. I had a long and complicated labor and Beverly was there for me the entire time. I went into labor at 2am and by 2pm I wanted to go to the hospital; I called my doctor they recommended that I stay home for a while. Beverly came over to our house at 3 and helped us get things going. We went to the hospital at 5pm, I was only dilated 1 cm so they sent me home at 8pm. Beverly was very comforting, I was not happy about this news. She offered to come back to the house with us but we let her go home. The next morning we went back to the hospital, Beverly came back to the hospital around noon. She helped me with some techniques for the pain before I got an epidural (I had planned on an epidural). My daughter was born a little after midnight. Beverly took amazing pictures of the pushing process, after the birth, and the baby.
She was also very supportive before I went into labor. She encouraged me to text her in the final weeks to let her know how things were at doctors visits and to text her if I had any concerns or questions. One evening a day before my due date we lost power and I was concerned that our cars were in the garage and if I went into labor we may not be able to get our cars out. I texted Beverly my concern and she said not to worry if I went into labor she would come get us and take us to the hospital. She then followed up with genuine concern and asked how long we had been without power and offered for us to shower at her house if we needed a place with hot water. Power was only out for a few hours so we did not need to take her up on it, but I was impressed with her offering. Overall Beverly cares about her clients and makes you feel like you have her complete attention and care. I highly recommend hiring Beverly to be your doula.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Kimberly Madeya
                                    3/22/2018
                                
                                
                                    I wasn't 100% sure about hiring a doula until I got about 2 months out from my due date. Upon talking with Beverly I immediately wanted to work with her and stopped my search. She has a very calming and confident presence, which was exactly what I needed at my labor and delivery.  
Throughout my labor and delivery Beverly did a fantastic job trying to keep everyone on track with my birth plan. She was a great support to my husband by letting him know all the ways he could support me.  What I remember most from my experience with Beverly is that while all the medical staff were mostly concentrating on baby, she was great at making sure I was taken care of...having someone constantly feeding you ice chips and breathing along with you goes a long way!!  
I would definitely recommend Beverly to anyone looking for a doula for their birth, especially if they want a nice balance between personal and professional from someone with a lot of experience.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Laura Willauer
                                    1/19/2017
                                
                                
                                    We had Beverly as our doula for both our daughters' births in 2013 & 2016. From the moment I met her, I felt like I could talk to her about anything, like I'd known her for yrs. She has 6 personal unique birth stories to add to her professional experience & helped us prepare for our desired birth experience by discussing & answering all of our questions & sharing current birth videos/literature so that we felt comfortable & made informed decisions. She was immediately available at the end of pregnancy. During our 1st labor, my water started leaking but I didn't have contractions yet so she met us at the hospital while I was getting tested to confirm I was actually in labor. It was such a comfort to have her there that early-she brought snacks & a lot of goodies to help comfort us during labor, implemented ways to keep me comfortable (massage, pressure points, positioning, moving around), guided my husband's support of me when needed, & was positive & encouraging.  She was our voice for our natural birth plan when we needed it while not getting in the way of the doctors' & nurses' care & decision making (after delivery the Dr said they'd love to have her attend their deliveries in the future). We ended up needing a C-section for our 1st-she supported us emotionally through surgery & escorted our newborn so my husband could support me after delivery. We had our 2nd daughter at The Farm in Tennessee. She was a huge stress relief to my husband upon arrival to our home in N.Alabama, helped me determine when I was in labor, breathed through every contraction with me, knew just when I needed the comfort of the bathtub, and called my midwives during my very unexpected transition (2-10 cm < 2 hrs) in order for them to not miss my speedy delivery. I had a successful natural VBAC. She even journals your L&D story for you as a keepsake. Can't say enough good things about her - she's one of the best in the area!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Laura Willauer
                                    10/30/2013
                                
                                
                                    Beverly was very available to us during the weeks leading up to the due date.  Se respomded to all of my texts, cals and questions very quickly and was very helpful as well.  She was very encouraging and had great suggestions to speed up labor and cope with the pain.  She's very respectful to the doctors and nurses who ended up really respecting her throughout the experience.  She stayed and helped me get the baby to latch on and visited me the following week with a summary/journal of the labor and birth details for me and a version for our daughter, which was a great keepsake. We will be using Beverly in the future because she was so helpful and comforting.  She also got my husband food and drinks as well and made sure he got the rest he needed at times to be there for me when I really needed him emotionally.  She gave me massages and was knowledgeable in labor and delivery to help us make informed decisions under emotional and physical stress. I truely would recommend Beverly to anyone because she is so flexible with needs and preferences and is such a loving person.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Bethany Dzedzy
                                    10/24/2013
                                
                                
                                    Beverly was the doula at the birth of my first child. Ten days before my due date, my water broke. I immediately called Beverly to let her know things were starting, & she was very excited for us. My husband & I arrived at the hospital around 11:15am, & Bev came shortly thereafter. She immediately began bathing my neck & face with cool washrags, as I was very dizzy. My contractions were about 7 minutes apart at this point. After I was finished wearing the monitor, Bev encouraged me to walk in the hall. After only a few minutes, I got very nauseous so we returned to the room where she held the basin as I vomitted. Since I wanted to stay in the room, she encouraged me to labor on the birthing ball, which I did. Bev also encouraged my husband to massage my back & do other things to help soothe me. She also reminded James to eat lunch & take a quick break. 
Throughout the afternoon I labored standing by the bed. Bev rubbed my back & breathed with me through each contraction. When I labored on the toilet, Bev was right there, holding my hand or letting me lean on her. She reminded me to sip water after each contraction & even held the straw while I drank. At around 4:30pm, she strongly encouraged me & James to get in the shower. I'm glad I took her advice. 45 minutes later, I had dilated from 5cm to 9cm! By this time I was extremely tired as contractions were coming every 1-3 minutes, so Bev got me water ice. By 6:00pm I felt the urge to push. James and Bev each held a leg and helped me push to the count of 10. At 6:29pm, my beautiful baby girl was born. My placenta took another hour to deliver and was an extremely painful ordeal. Bev stood by my side the whole time, holding my hand & speaking words of encouragement. 
Thanks to Bev, I have precious memories of my labor & delivery. She cheered me on every step of the way, helping make my goal of having a medication-free delivery a reality.
                                
                            



                                
                                    rebecca catagnus
                                    10/20/2013
                                
                                
                                    I decided to hire a doula after I had a horrible experience with the delivery of my first baby. I needed more help than what the medical staff was able to provide. Having Beverly for a doula changed everything with the second birth. I was so much more comfortable with the labor pain and delivered after only being at the hospital for two and a half hours. I only had to push for five minutes. I was also able to have a natural childbirth with no drugs. Beverly was so supportive and extremely capable. She was able to manage all the personaliies of the delivery room -- including my husband and mother. She was also more than just a labor coach--she provided me with so much education about the birthing experience and gave me confidence in myself. I feel I have made a friend for life with her and am looking forward to hiring her again for the next pregnancy. Yes, I am already thinking of having another after only three weeks of having a new baby. It truly was a life-changing experience, and I couldn't have done it without Beverly. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Layla Miller
                                    3/19/2013
                                
                                
                                    I hired Beverly to support me and my husband during labor and help implement my birth plan. I was very satisfied with the level of support she provided me. Beverly is a very warm, compassionate, supportive and fun loving person and all of those qualities help her excel as a birth doula. Beverly has a large family of her own and it shows because she is very easy to relate and talk to.  Beverly came to my home at 8:30 pm when I called her and stayed with me all night long. Beverly assisted me during labor by applying counterpressure by pusing on my hips and spine to relieve the back pain, helping me utilize the birth ball in various positions, drawing me a hot bath to help me relax and by staying with me everystep of the way. I had a very long labor and Beverly stayed by my side all night long  held my hand, gave me encouragement when I was feeling paniced. I would recommend Beverly to anyone who feels like they need extra support during labor.
                                
                            