DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
14 TESTIMONIALS

Danielle McFadden RN

Danielle McFadden Birth LLC

Philadelphia, PA  Service range 30 miles

9789735600

https://daniellemcfaddenbirth.com/

Birth Fee

$1500 to $1800

CONTACT DANIELLE VIEW DANIELLE'S AVAILABILITY

Brittany K6/23/2023We were instantly comfortable talking to Danielle. We were anxious and unsure of a lot since this was brand new territory, but Danielle’s experience as a doula and a nurse, combined with her passion for her work and excitement for us and our journey allowed us to let go of some of that nervousness and feel confident and supported making decisions …And that was just one Zoom call!At our in-person prenatal visit we felt even more supported–and ready for the birth process no matter what curveballs might be thrown at us. I felt physically ready with the resources for exercises and positions that Danielle provided, and emotionally ready. Throughout the prenatal process Danielle was as much a cheerleader for my husband as she was for me, which was so important to us.When I experienced early labor signs we reached out to Danielle right away and she stayed in frequent contact with us over the next 24 hours. Danielle kept our preferences in mind and encouraged us to make choices we were comfortable with given the uncertain circumstances. She went above and beyond as support for us as my labor progressed. I wanted to remain at home and delay arrival to the hospital as long as safely possible. Danielle’s expertise, guidance and motivation ensured that could happen. When we arrived at the hospital, Danielle was my advocate to make sure I was triaged right away. I honestly can’t imagine going through labor without a doula, and specifically going through my first L&D without a doula like Danielle. Her support continued into postpartum with text check-in’s to see how we were doing, and a postpartum visit where she helped me process the birth in its entirety. Danielle always knew the right thing to say or do, and her role in our birth was so much more than a doula. I don’t know if my husband and I could ever truly get across how grateful we are for having Danielle by our side for the birth of our first child.


Katie & Mike6/11/2023We truly cannot say enough good things about Danielle. We welcomed our first child in October 2022 at Princeton Penn Medical Center with Danielle as our doula. I knew I wanted as low-intervention a birth as possible, and Danielle was an unbelievably supportive and helpful presence from the moment we started working with her through the weeks following our daughter's birth. She was especially incredible the day I gave birth, giving extremely helpful advice as I labored at home at night, then coming to help in-person as I labored at home during the early morning, and then accompanying us to the hospital, where she played a crucial role in the entire journey, both providing unbelievable levels of physical support (positioning, massaging) and advocating for us through what was luckily able to be the kind of unmedicated childbirth I had wanted. Danielle also asked early in the process what kind of coaching we both would respond to best and then followed through perfectly, coaching us in exactly the way we needed, with incredible emotional intelligence and grace. In addition, her experience as a labor and delivery nurse was particularly valuable, not only giving us extra confidence as first-time parents but also adding so much help in the precious moments immediately post-partum, including my first time breast-feeding our daughter. We cannot recommend Danielle highly enough! -Katie & Mike


Emily Brodsky5/22/2023Working with Danielle was hands down the best decision that my wife and I made when we found out we were pregnant. Going into the experience we were not sure what to expect or what kind of support Danielle would be able to provide but we knew we wanted additional resources. Holy cow, nothing can really prepare you for labor -we were so grateful to have Danielle’s support mentally and physically. She provided manual support to me throughout contractions, she helped my wife feel confident supporting me using various tactics, she also knew when to just be present, hold space and be a grounding presence to both of us through an incredibly long and challenging labor. I am confident that the only reason we ultimately delivered vaginally (after 43 hours of labor) was because of the support that Danielle provided to both myself and my partner. We ended up transferring from the birth center to the hospital and she handled it seamlessly, helping us to filter out the noise and focus on only the things that were important at that time. You never know what your birth experience will be like and what decisions may need to be made throughout the process, having Danielle as a sounding board as our plans had to pivot was so helpful and comforting. Grateful is an understatement and we would 1000/10 recommend working with Danielle!


Gillian5/12/2023Hiring Danielle as a virtual Doula was one of the best decisions my husband and I made leading up to the delivery of our daughter. We had attended one of her childbirth classes offered through our hospital, and instantly felt comfortable with how she explained information and her calm approach. We wanted to have that same calm voice of reason with us during the delivery.Danielle’s offering of a virtual Doula was appealing to us because it would provide the additional level of support we wanted, while keeping the delivery room to just my husband and I and our medical team. Danielle‘s background as a labor and delivery nurse was also very comforting to my husband and I. Danielle was always available to answer questions and help coach us leading up towards our delivery. She offered guidance, insight and a positive attitude.Our delivery did not go as planned and ended with a failed induction and cesarean delivery. Having Danielle as our virtual on-demand resource was invaluable. She answered our questions, she used her medical knowledge to help guide our discussions on best next steps and she partnered with us as a team even in a virtual capacity.Danielle was calm, approachable, and like having a friend with us the entire time. She made herself available at all hours of the day and night even for a 3 AM chat. We felt comfortable asking Danielle questions and we felt confident with her responses. I would recommend Danielle to any of my family and friends who are looking for additional support - and especially the virtual option, if that is more in line with their personal preferences. Danielle is an asset to have on your team and a fantastic coach leading you through a life-changing event. Thank you Danielle for everything. You were amazing to work with and we’re so thankful for you. Gillian and Brock


Katie F12/6/2022Hiring Danielle will be one of the BEST decisions you make in setting yourself up for the best pregnancy, labor/delivery & first days with baby! I say this as a 2nd time mama who had a different doula for my 1st born (I lived across the country when my 1st was born so Danielle wasn't an option for me then). My experience with my doula for my 1st child was great but my experience with Danielle for my 2nd was even better than I had expected. First off, I didn't expect to need doula support during much of my pregnancy with my 2nd child, after all I'd already had 1 child, how different could it be with a 2nd? It turns out, very different! With my 2nd child I ended up having a more complicated/stressful pregnancy & Danielle's support & listening ear was absolutely invaluable - she happily took my calls/texted with me after my appts & helped me process overwhelming information from medical providers. She even reached out after appts just to check in! Danielle was already worth her weight in gold well before my due date! Then, with my L&D she was exactly what I needed. It was like having my best friend there by my side, but a BF who also had inside knowledge about the hospital, knew all the tips for a more comfortable unmedicated labor, & provided support I didn't even know I needed. With Danielle's support I was able to have the beautiful, empowering, unmedicated birth that I wanted even though I was in a less-than-ideal situation of being induced past my due date. One of the things that really sets Danielle apart is that she not only has excellent doula skills, but she is also a L&D nurse. I never had to second guess whether she understood the medical side of things & while I hired her to wear her doula hat, her experience as an RN gave me peace of mind. But I never felt that Danielle was unnecessarily influenced by the medical system - I felt 100% confident she would support me no matter what.


Lindsay Neuman10/4/2022Not many people can say that the day they went into labor was one of the most fun days they've had in their lives. Memorable, of course, but fun isn't a common word used. Danielle was a HUGE part of that fun. My husband and I have talked about our experience with Danielle over and over again and each time it moves us to tears. We met Danielle through a class we took at our hospital. Instantly we knew we needed to hire her as our Doula. We were apprehensive at first because we didn't want more decision makers in the room of what is already an intense and high stress experience. But with Danielle's expertise as a labor and delivery nurse, it was a no brainer. She provided so much support and encouragement leading up to labor and when we went in to get induced she was an absolute rockstar. She worked closely with our labor and delivery nurse to make sure we were comfortable with all the decisions being made and helped advocate for us with our doctor. In addition to the emotional support, Danielle and our nurse worked together to get me in all different kids of positions to help get the baby out. All of these positions, my husband and I wouldn't have been able to do myself. Through it all we laughed, we sang along to our playlist we put together, we cried, it was a beyond beautiful experience. After all the fun, the best part was, of course, meeting our son for the first time. Danielle was there to help me learn to breastfeed and talk us through what the next few days would be like in the hospital. She came over about a week later to see how we were doing and made sure we didn't have any regrets about our birth experience. The entire process exceeded our expectations and we have Danielle to thank for that. 


Britni and Zane5/23/2022Can't imagine my birth story w/out Danielle. She will always have a special place in our hearts. She is super smart & passionate about birth, & has the BEST personality. She is someone you want in your corner. D eased my anxiety with childbirth classes. Learning the mechanics of labor taught me: I'm made for this! My body will help me get it done! Learning about different scenarios helped prep me for anything. The birth: An elective induction; vaginal; shoulder dystocia (nearly 10 lb baby) During the initial stages of my induction, D was legit a lifeline via text. She got updates before my mom even! We genuinely wanted to be in touch w/ her; she helped put us in the right head space at every turn & helped inform our decisions. After a 3AM text, D knew they'd recommend breaking my water soon. She gave us her thoughts on what progress should look like before taking that step, and we weren't there yet. We opted to wait and the next morning, my regular OBGYN was on and did my evaluation. She also recommended waiting because there was a gap that the cord could potentially slip through if we broke it. My water ended up breaking naturally later that morning. I felt so good about our decision thanks to Danielle. When D arrived in person she took great care of us. She made sure my fiancé ate and was ready for go time. She helped position me to manage pain and to achieve the last bit of progress I needed. I had my team! My son was born 33min into pushing, but his shoulder got stuck. Everyone needed to act swiftly & D did just that. She worked with the clinical staff to respond quickly and get the baby out safely and without negative outcomes. I am so thankful for her. We love Danielle. She is so much more than our doula. I will always remember my birth fondly despite the challenges and I'm so glad I had her by my side. 


Lauren Owens5/18/2022Hire her!!!Danielle was recommended to me by a mutual friend and fellow Labor & Delivery nurse and I cannot recommend her enough. She has a calm, confident and reassuring demeanor, while still maintaining a sense of humor and supportive best friend vibe. I have no doubt the reason I was able to VBAC (which was my goal) was her consistent care and expertise throughout my pregnancy, labor, and delivery. I am so grateful. 


Sam and Tulsi Maddula1/16/2022We had an amazing experience with ourDoula. Both ladies were absolutely phenomenal to work with, very in touch, caring, empathetic, passionate about what they do. I would completely recommend their services to anyone that is looking for some additional help. I also think this type of service should be some thing that all parents consider as they are waiting for the arrival of their child. We learn simple things such as burping techniques and more complicated ideas and aspects to share such as induction deliveries etc. this has been one of the most eye-opening, life-changing processes that we went through with a newborn and having a Doula by our side is the best thing we did 


Jenny Steinberg1/8/2022After a tramatic birth with my first, I sought a doula that would making my second birth a more positive experience. Danielle was a perfect fit to my make second birthing experience more positive. Danielle was available throughout the pregnancy to answer any questions I had. She was so warm and comforting when I met her in person for my pre-birth home visit. She really listened to what happened during my first birth to really understand what made it tramatic and how I hoped for it to be different this time around. She was open and willing to talk to my therapist to understand what signs to look out for that triggered my ppd and ppa. On the day of the birth, Danielle was available to chat and discuss my early labor symptoms since I was induced for my first and wasn't sure what to expect. She promptly met me at the hospital and was there for me every step of the day. What is unique and special abou Danielle is her calmness and professionalism. She is compassionate about what you are going through and is extremely educated about the birthing process. She provided positioning to help me get through contractions as it took longer than expected to get an epidural. She provided support to both myself and my husband. When I started to feel anxious about pushing, Danielle continued to reassure me that I was doing great and everything was going as expected. She helped communicate my needs to the nurses and doctors. After the birth, she helped explain what the doctors and nurses were doing for me and the baby. She assisted me with starting to breastfeed. I couldn't have asked for a better doula to guide me through the process. Danielle is the best and I can't recommend her enough 


Kristen woods10/8/2021We had a wonderful experience with Danielle as our birth doula! Danielle's unique background as a labor and delivery nurse and upbeat attitude gave us all the confidence in her. Danielle was texting, FaceTiming with us and met us at our house before we went to the birth center.Once at the birth center (where it was determined I was 7cm!) Danielle was super supportive in our 3 hour journey before our son joined us. She was quick to get me in to different positions to keep labor progressing (which in my past two births I barely changed positions!) and offer helping hands by applying counter pressure and heat on my low back. She kept my breathing in check and constantly was reassuring me that I was doing a great job. Additionally my husband was hesitant to hire a doula but when I told Him I wanted to experience it bc I want to be a doula in the future he was open to the idea. Danielle never took the place of him and instead enabled him to be able to play music, light candles, and be face to face with me at all times during labor and even after when she took cord blood to the hospital for us from the birth center (my husband has had to do this in the past). An added surprise was the amount of pictures she got while I was at the birth center! We feel super grateful that we have these pictures to hold on to forever of the birth of our son. Thank you to KOP doulas for allowing us the opportunity to interview and find our perfect doula matches!


jaclyn epstein8/20/2021Danielle was my ideal doula; warm, compassionate, calm, confident, knowledgeable, and fun! She made the energy of the room of delivery day relaxed, made my pain levels more comfortable, and provided a communication clarity with the nurses and doctors. During my pregnancy Danielle was always available for my many questions and concerns. She provided an invaluable point of view and expertise. I feel extremely lucky that Danielle was with us on our journey! 


Monica M7/2/2021My decision to include a doula as part of our birth team came later in pregnancy journey at just before 36 weeks. I immediately felt a connection with Danielle from our introductory phone call, and it was ultimately Danielle's additional experience as an L&D nurse that led us to select her for the big day. I felt that her experience gave me much needed double sided perspective on the life event I was heading into, and I was right :)Nothing about my birth "plan" went according to my original expectations. Danielle supported me so perfectly through a day that was unpredictable; slowing down the conversation when needed and presenting my husbandand me our options, and then supporting our decisions.Danielle really listened and got to know me and my preferences through our phone calls, meetings, and daily text messages. For knowing me such a short time, I felt that she really honed in on what would soothe me and motivate me and brought a game plan of things she'd like me to try for the birth. Not only that, but she took the time to understand what would make my husband feel supported and was thoughtful on how to keep him very involved in the birthing process as well. I was induced on the 14th and my L&D nurse told me flat out that in 12 hours I would not be delivering on her shift. With Danielle's guidance I moved through some of the most intense pain I've ever experienced, and delivered in 10 hours. The L&D team said the speed of my progression was unexpected. I know though, that is was all becuase Danielle kept me moving through positions that faciliated birth. Emotionally the continuity of care Danielle provided by being with us the whole time was fantastic, and she helped me feel confident in the decisions I was making as my labor progressed. In retrospect there is no way I would birth again without a Doula. If you choose Danielle (wise choice!) you will be in excellent hands. 


Mary London5/19/2021To say that Danielle was the saving grace of the birth of my daughter is a gigantic understatement. After planning a home birth, I was devastated to have to go to the hospital to be induced for preeclampsia. Two days of labor later, I wasn’t progressing. When the OB said I was just hours away from needing a c-section Danielle offered one last suggestion to get the baby to drop and it worked. Nearly every aspect of birth that I had dreamed about for over a decade was lost during these days in the hospital but because of Danielle’s tireless support I was able to salvage one very important piece; I was able to push my daughter out vaginally against all odds. Not to mention this was at the height of hospital Covid restrictions and so she had to assist me virtually! Danielle’s service quite literally changed the course of my life and allowed me to feel immensely proud of a birth that was otherwise very traumatic. I cannot recommend her enough.