DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
11 TESTIMONIALS

Debbie Castelbuono

Alcyone Blooms

Phoenixville, PA  Service range 50 miles  We are flexible

484-302-6800

http://www.alcyoneblooms.com

Birth Fee

$1500

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $45

CONTACT DEBBIE VIEW DEBBIE'S AVAILABILITY

Ashley Harper11/26/2018You would be especially lucky to have Debbie as your Doula. Throughout my maternity leave, from the first week I was back home and since I’ve returned to work I have needed and relied on Debbie for help with everything. Her support has ranged so far that I could fill page after page. Examples include: helping me cope with after-labor pain, tailoring infant care to my baby’s needs, giving me practical advice, helping me get more sleep, helping me gain confidence in my new role as a mom and so much more. She’s been an amazing person to have for every step of this journey! Her advice is incredibly practical – she has an uncanny talent of distilling information and making motherhood feel manageable. She’s amazing at figuring out what’s important to you and helping support that. You can be any type of mom and she will be able to offer incredible insight for you that will help you grow. I never felt judged. I never felt ill at ease around her. She is gracious and adapts to your household. She is a reliable constant you will come to look forward to seeing every single time.


Demi Panagiotopoulos6/2/2018Choosing a doula is a daunting process. I hired Debbie because she has so much varied experience. I knew how I wanted my birth to go, and I wanted someone with me who has seen it all, just in case things didn't go according to my plans. She was so helpful from the early planning stages right through to the birth and helping me learn how to breastfeed. There were so many options that I didn't realize I had! Plus all the questions I had during labor that I never even thought of before. Her ability to reassure me, answer my questions, present my options and support my choices were completely empowering for me. My birth didn't go exactly how I originally thought it would, but I am so glad it went exactly as it did. I was able to work through every step with Debbie's as my constant. And with Debbie helping me work through the contractions my husband was free to focus on the birth of our beautiful baby girl. I’ll be calling her again for our next child for sure!


Sofia Williams5/30/2018I did a ton of research before having my twins and the one thing I knew for sure was that I needed help. If you are looking for someone with experience, a calmness, and the flexibility you really need after having twins then I highly recommend Debbie as your postpartum doula.I knew I needed help, but outside of that decision I really had no idea what I was doing. Debbie met with me, gave me options, and helped me come up with an initial plan. Just knowing that she was coming did so much for me. As my babies got stronger she helped me figure out how to care for two infants at once. As time went by, we were able to change our schedule with Debbie to better accommodate our changing needs. Without her, I don’t know how I would have made it through those first few months. She is calm, trustworthy and took excellent care of my family!


Stephanie Cedrone4/5/2017I first "met" Debbie in the ICAN group of Southeastern PA on Facebook. Her advice to me and the other moms regarding our VBAC's was always so sound that when I found out I was expecting my second I decided to reach out to her in hopes of hiring her for our birth. From the first conversation I knew I wanted Debbie by our side. She came to my home and we went over what her role would be, how she would support not only me but my husband through labor and delivery (and after), different scenarios that could arise during my TOLAC and how we could handle them, and my birth plan. She wanted to know my story, my history, why I wanted a VBAC so badly and what I hoped for this labor and delivery. She helped me write my birth plan and kept in touch throughout my pregnancy. If I had any questions she was always available to answer them.Contractions started at 3:45am the day after my due date and my daughter was born 34 hours later. Throughout the entire day and a half Debbie was by our side, helping contractions get started when my labor stalled, helped me decide when to start a small dose of pitocin, and even though not having an epidural was a big part of my birth plan Debbie helped me decide to get one after 29 hours as I was just exhausted and not progressing at all. I slept for a couple of hours and 2.5 hours after getting the epidural my daughter was born without me even having to push. I fully believe without her I would have ended up with a repeat C-Section.One thing that made me apprehensive about hiring a doula was that she would replace my husband as my coach. That wasn't the case at all. Having Debbie allowed my husband and I to work together better. I couldn't have done it without him, and we couldnt have done it without Debbie. We both agree we'll never have another baby without Debbie there with us!Thank you Debbie for helping us bring Scarlett into the world!


Sarah Hein3/9/2013We used Debbie as the doula for our firstborn son, born on 2/20/2013. We knew right when we met Debbie that she would be perfect. She has had experience delivering naturally and has helped mothers deliver many babies. She came across as very confident, but also perceptive, and we found this to be a perfect combination during labor. I ended up going into prodromal labor. Debbie helped my husband and I know what to expect in the coming days. On day two of prodromal labor, Debbie came over and helped adjust my hips in a way that really got labor going. Before we knew it, I was in active labor. During labor, she knew exactly which pressure points to use to help relieve the contractions. She also knew how often I should change positions to help move labor along. After about 4 hours of active labor, we knew it was time to head to the hospital. I got to the hospital at 10 cm, which was perfect because I really didn't want to labor at the hospital for long. Debbie and my husband helped me with different push positions and before long, our beautiful baby boy was in my arms, alert and healthy. Exactly as I'd hoped when I decided to try for a natural delivery. I never would've been able to deliver naturally without Debbie by my side. My husband and I highly recommend her!


Stephanie Mackler3/7/2013I truly cannot say enough good things about Debbie. I had twins in September 2012, and Debbie worked with us for several months following their birth. From the moment I had my babies, Debbie was there for me—supporting me through some of my challenging post-partum transitions and helping me get ready to bring the twins home. Once we were home, Debbie was a godsend. For starters, she was incredible with the babies—natural and caring and comfortable even with my preemie twins. I learned a lot just from watching her. But even more than that, she was incredible with our whole family. From helping us with practical things like setting up our Pack-N-Play, to helping me verbally process my post-partum emotions, to answering my husband’s questions, to assisting with breast-feeding and bottle-choosing, to advising us on what to ask the pediatrician, Debbie was there for us in every possible way that we needed her. I always looked forward to when she would arrive for day help or for overnights; her arrival was always like a breath of fresh air (and she was always punctual and professional). In addition to being empathic, I found Debbie a be especially non-judgmental. I never felt pressured to do things her way, and she clearly wanted to help me do whatever I felt was best. That said, she is exceptionally knowledgeable, and I loved how she could answer all my questions thoroughly and usually with a lot of scientific backing. If she didn’t know an answer, she looked it up. I valued how detailed her explanations were and just how much she knows---about a lot of things baby-related. We feel truly lucky to have had Debbie become a part of our family and recommend her enthusiastically. She is a gem.


PAULA GEGWICH7/20/2012Debbie was our birthing doula for our first daughter, born April 2nd, 2012.  When we met Debbie she was immediately calming!  Her voice, manner and knowledge had a calming effect on both my husband and I.  She spent almost two hours at our first meeting answering questions and reassuring us.  We did not even interview any other doulas because we were so certain that this is who we wanted to help us through our first birth. When my water broke before 6 am on a monday morning I knew immediately that the baby had had a bowel movement in utero so that it was likely I would have to deliver at the hospital instead of the birthing center.  We arrived at the hospital all around the same time (9 am) and she immediately started to provide suggestions for supporting me through early labor (movement, distractions).  The longest part of my labor, from probably 3-7 cm - my husband and Debbie were working together as I used hypnobirthing techniques to manage the pain.  Debbie's voice was hypnotic and her presence relieved the pressure from my husband as she told him how to help me.  He never had to wonder. I was able to fulfill the most important part of my plan, which was having a healthy baby girl!  I labored and delivered naturally thanks in a large part to Debbie's support of both my husband and I.  Debbie also stayed an extra two hours after my baby was born to provide suppoort through our first breastfeeding experience.  My daughter latched well from the start with her guidance.The entire birthing experience was amazing and I would not change one thing.  My husband and I have already said that if we are lucky enough to have another baby we will be calling Debbie - we could not have done it without her. 


Amanda Olsen2/20/2012We used Debbie as a Doula for our second son and she was absolutely amazing from the minute I met her until the very end when she came for the postpartum visit. Even today, 6 months after the birth of our son, I have wonderful memories of my birthing experience which are directly attributed to Debbie's knowledge, skill and ability to comfort me. She is very knowledgeable about what types of medicines hospitals will offer you and thier effects to your body, something I really appreciated. She is very personable with the staff, but also stands up for you when she needs to. She has a really great ability to be present when needed, and hang back when not. She is one of those people that "gets" it.. she is very friendly, loving and caring but also knows we are here to have a baby and she is all business.... I love that about her! I would definitely recommend her to anyone needing a solid support person who is reliable and very very smart!


Renee Pappas5/17/2011Deb is calm and gentle and helps keep mom, dad, baby, and environment relaxed.  She understands exhaustion, options and identifiers for PPD as well.  Having Deb assist as a birth or post partum doula will offer you comfort and assistance at a time when we need it most!


Ellen Vitale5/14/2011Debbie's support took the weight off my partner's shoulders, and provided me with the solid block of courage I needed. When my water broke,  we drove to the hospital where we were inexplicably directed to the ER.  I told Debbie I felt like I needed to have a bowel movement, so she followed me into the ER bathroom, to make sure I was okay. After more than 30 minutes, Debbie was concerned about me spending my labor and possibly delivering my baby in the emergency room. She explained to the dr. that this was my fourth baby, my water had broken, and that I might have my baby in the ER. This got them moving. When I was finally admitted to maternity, my OB dr was not there even after having been paged several times. I began to push through my contractions to ease the pain. Debbie alerted my nurse that I was pushing. If Debbie hadn't been there, I am not sure anyone would have known. I was unable to talk. I told Debbie I needed staitol and she told the nurse for me. I was concerned that the baby might be born before the doctor arrived, and Debbie and the nurse assured me that if that happened, they could and would deliver my baby. Debbie's fortitude was a source of strength for me and my partner. I felt that I was in capable hands. When my doctor finally walked in, I was fully dilated and it was time for me to deliver my son. Debbie held my leg while I pushed. She gave me precisely the type of encouragement I needed. She told me that my pushes were working, she could see them working, which was what I needed to hear. After my son was born, Debbie stepped into the background to give me privacy, but was still there when I called to her and needed her. It was truly perfect. She helped me get my son to latch on, but only when I called to her. It was my fourth time having a baby and I had had many nurses that were either pushy or unavailable. Debbie was neither of those. She was supportive, but humble. I highly recommend her.


Christy Myers Baxter5/13/2011I hope that you are lucky enough to work with Debbie Castelbuono as your doula!I've known Debbie for almost two years.  She is a caring, empathetic, nurturing professional and friend to women and mothers.  I'm impressed by not only her knowledge, but also her desire to be open to others experiences and to always be learning more.Debbie is truly focused on the health and wellness of the baby, mother, and whole family that is being impacted by a new arrival. You will quickly feel comfortable with Debbie - she is a genuinely kind and intelligent woman, someone who is a keen listener, has a sharp eye, and a fabulous wit.  Her experiences working with women formally and informally both as they approach childbirth, and also after a new baby has arrived, are quite varied, and always inform her knowledge base and work.  Plus, Debbie is also a fantastic mom to three amazing kids herself! I am a mother of two small children, and Deb is a huge part of my support system and knowledge base.  My whole family has been blessed by my connection with her, and we owe a debt of gratitude to her for the love, concern, caring and help she has offered over the years.Your entire family will benefit from working with Debbie before, during, and after your labor with your child.  Congratulations on the new addition to your family, and enjoy the support and strength that Deb offers you all.