DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
3 TESTIMONIALS

Jasha Buckery

Saye Birth Doula LLC

Philadelphia, PA  Service range 40 miles

267-225-6834

https://thesayebirthdoula.com

Birth Fee

$1200 to $1400

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $60

Black Doula

Availability Remarks: Please Schedule a Consultation or email for availability

CONTACT JASHA VIEW JASHA'S AVAILABILITY

Court5/2/2023Dear Jasha,I am writing to express my heartfelt gratitude for being there for me throughout my difficult pregnancy journey. Your unwavering support and care have made a tremendous difference in my life, and I cannot thank you enough.From the moment I met you, I knew I had found someone special. Your gentle, compassionate nature immediately put me at ease, and I felt like I could trust you completely. As my doula, you have been there every step of the way, providing emotional and practical support when I needed it most.Your knowledge and expertise have been invaluable in helping me navigate the challenges of pregnancy. You have provided me with information about everything from nutrition to relaxation techniques, and your advice and encouragement have given me the confidence to face each day with a positive outlook.But more than anything, it has been your empathy and understanding that have made the biggest impact. You have listened to me when I needed to vent my frustrations or fears, and you have always been there with a kind word or a reassuring hug.Thanks to you, I have been able to make it through this difficult time, and I know that I will be a better mother because of the care you have provided. You are truly an exceptional doula, and I feel incredibly lucky to have had you by my side.Thank you again for everything you have done for me and my family. Your kindness and generosity will never be forgotten.With gratitude and warmest wishes,Courtney 


Shebra8/7/2021Jasha has a very peaceful spirit and good energy. She guided me in a postpartum mediation and really helped me connect to my baby. Especially after having a stressful experience giving birth during covid, it was a relief to be supported by Jasha and receive reassurance that I could focus on my healing as I cared for my baby.


Kimberly6/24/2021Jasha was 100% professional and personable for the entirety of her service! She took on the task of becoming my doula later in my pregnancy, (my OB modified their COVID restrictions) but I felt as though she was there with me from the beginning. She provided me with so much information to help prepare me for having a natural birth. The services she provide are so informative and her presentation is phenomenal! We chose the intro to healthy foods, in which she bought over cute food boards filled with yummy, nutritional snacks. During labor, she was very involved with the conversations with the doctors and she was not shy to ask questions about the information they were relaying. When it got real after being induced, she helped me stay grounded even when I wanted so bad to give up and take the epidural. The emotional and physical support she provided to both me and my daughter’s father throughout pregnancy, labor and the postpartum period was unparalleled!! Your reply     