DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
2 TESTIMONIALS

Jennifer Lee

Jumping beans doula services

Summit Hill, PA  Service range 60 miles  No restrictions

4842651238

Birth Fee

$850 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $65

CONTACT JENNIFER VIEW JENNIFER'S AVAILABILITY

Emily9/19/2022we had the absolute pleasure of working with jen for our planned home birth towards the very end of my pregnancy. I was so lucky for her to have seen my post and reach out. from the moment we spoke I knew she was an amazing and compassionate listener. she helped ease so many of my worries I was having and the pressure I was feeling as I got closer to labor. her and her daughter came and set up the pool and a beautiful birth space with lights and affirmations hanging on the walls. she brought me a beautiful cord burning box that her father had hand crafted in the same day we first spoke!  she was always available with every question that would come up. the morning I went into labor i texted her and she was there immediately ready to go. she taught my partner how to properly apply pressure on my back to help give me relief because I was having the most excruciating back labor pains! she had brought me honey packets that helped me so much while i was feeling so weak and exhausted at some points! having an unmedicated home birth was transcendental! I was in another world but I remember hearing jens voice and support which helped me to remain grounded. I was in labor for 9 hrs total before my daughter made her entrance into the world. I felt so safe and supported having Jen there in the hours after birth. she helped so much with everything from items we needed for homebirth to set up/clean up and all of her knowledge! we loved doing placenta prints with her too the week after birth when she came to check in! we would recommend Jen to anyone that is looking for pregnancy, birth and post partum support! <3


Crystina Saras-Bailey1/8/2022To anyone who hasnt considered getting a doula during or after their pregnancy, I would highly recommend it! Jennifer Went above and beyond My expectations. She was very supportive and so helpful. Any questions or concerns I had, she  explained the best way possible. Not only is she knowledgeable as a doula, but she is a mother herself. So you can feel confident knowing that a lot of her knowledge is from experience! If I ever go through pregnancy again, I'll be going back to her!