DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 TESTIMONIALS

Karissa Bollinger

Golden Teacher Wellness LLC

Fogelsville, PA  Service range 55 miles

6105331325

https://www.goldenteacherwellness.com/

Birth Fee

$825 to $1050

CONTACT KARISSA VIEW KARISSA'S AVAILABILITY

Courtney Masiado12/26/2022I am forever grateful to have been introduced to Karissa Bollinger at the start of my 3rd trimester. I was never familiar with the role of a doula nor have I had any previous knowledge or idea on what to expect for the end stages of my pregnancy/preparing for delivery. Other than the monthly/biweekly appointments with my OB where I learned the HR of my baby and my blood pressure, being informed or educated never occurred. However, this is why Karissa was A LIFE SAVER! At our first meeting she sat down with my husband and myself answering any and all questions thoroughly, putting our minds at ease and helping us understand the process from the 3rd trimester through arriving home from the hospital. As we continued weekly meetings, I learned multiple different breathing techniques, exercises on my birth ball, ways my husband can help me when the labor process has begun, be my voice at the hospital when talking was nearly impossible, etc. Most importantly, Karissa always made herself available for us 24/7! Through her expertise and guidance I know we would have made so many mistakes, specifically make our way to the hospital far earlier than we needed to, which I am so grateful didn’t occur. I know I’ll never be able to thank her enough for everything she has done for us, but what I can do is HIGHLY recommend her to anyone who needs services and advice like we did!! 


Lindsay B11/30/2022After two births that were low intervention but still not what I wanted, having Karissa as a doula for our third was exactly what I needed. We were able to meet ahead of time to discuss preferences and options to set up a plan for my birthing time. In the early part of it, she kept in touch with encouragement and recommendations for helping maintain progress. Once it was hospital time her and my husband worked together to help me stay comfortable and have a perfect birth! With Karissa as my doula I finally was able to have the birth that I’ve always wanted! I wouldn’t have wanted it any other way!