DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
9 TESTIMONIALS

Kimberly Muhammad, C-FSD

Bedside BirthWork

Philadelphia, PA  Service range 40 miles

2673123808

https://www.bedsidebirthwork.com/

Birth Fee

$1200 to $1700

Postpartum Rate

$50

Black Doula

CONTACT KIMBERLY VIEW KIMBERLY'S AVAILABILITY

Erin11/24/2021Kimberly is an amazing doula! I wanted to hire a doula originally because I was nervous about labor for my first child and didn't know what to expect. From our first conversation, Kimberly made me feel completely at ease. She's extremely knowledgable and was very sensitive to my needs. She answered every silly question that I had, but more importantly answered questions I didn't know I should have. I felt empowered to attend all of my OB appointments alone because she took the time to discuss what I should expect from my OB at each stage of my pregnancy. She stayed in constant contact throughout my pregnancy with regular check-ins and I really enjoyed her prenatal yoga sessions. When it came time for labor, I remember feeling incredibly relaxed. Having previously discussed what I should expect at every stage of labor made it easy to stay calm through it all. She even gave my husband what he needed to support me throughout pregnancy and labor. We are both so grateful to have had Kimberly on our team!


Michelle Sarrys10/25/2021First I want to say my experience having Kimberly be my doula  during my pregnancy has been nothing but excellent! Even though we may not have met physically, she has made a way to reach out to me through phone and the zoom meetings we have had which were very helpful and informative to me.  Whenever I needed a resource to help aid in having a healthy pregnancy, Kimberly would always do her best to provide me helpful information through email that I may need. Secondly, I love her personality I felt comfortable talking to her about my pregnancy and also putting together a birthing plan that will accommadate my birth experience. Kimberly also reminded me to be an advocate for myself when things did not sound right or if I needed help understanding things I could always come to her.  Kimberly has a very sweet and loving personality I admire and she is very transparent. If I ever decide to have more children, I would definetly hire her again in the near future. 


Tawana Patterson1/1/2021I had a phenomenal experience with Kimberly as my doula. In my search for a doula for my 2nd child, my hope was that I could have someone for additional moral support as well as some who would advocate for my desires when pursuing my birthing plan. I also knew I needed help with diet and balancing work life and having a toddler. She exceeded these expectations. Kimberly was a great listener from the start and offered insight with research. She always asked if I was comfortable with informatio given to me by my doctor and when I wasnt sure she advised me to probe and question further. I felt soooo empowered this pregnancy and she did this for both myself and husband. He stated that he felt like an active participant this time aroud. It's unfortnate that covid prevented more in person connection but I honestly didnt feel slighted in the least. We had multiple facetimes, yoga and breathing sessions. I also felt her presence right these on facetime during the birth.Again I cant rave enough about my experience she really catered to my needs without judgement. 


Dara10/1/2020I am a first time mom and had Kimberly as my doula. I had such an amazing experience with her! She helped prepare me for my birthing experience in ways that I could not have thought of. Kimberly coached me on my breathing and being aware of my body during my pregnancy. This helped me tremendously throughout my third trimester. When I went into labor, Kimberly was super responsive and helped keep me calm. She came right away when it was almost time for me to give birth and her presence was dynamic in the process. To have someone by your side to keep you calm and reassure that you are capable of pushing through was so important. I'm so appreciative for the role she played and am sure that it went so smoothly because of her assistance!


Kia DeBrady3/12/2019Prior to working with Kimberly, we really did not have much knowledge of what a doula really does.  Kimberly was very transparent and let us know what to expect and how she could assist us during the birth or our daughter.  Kimberly helped us create a birthing plan and talked us through different birthing scenarios. Kimberly was very accessible and available to answer our questions throughout the third trimester (we did not meet her until then). During labor and delivery, Kimberly helped to keep me calm and focused.  She came ready with a plethora of resources to help with pain management.  She also took annotated notes during my time at the hospital and recounted the details with me postnatal.  This was helpful as you don't really remember much...lol.  I can't imagine going through labor and delivery without Kimberly's assistance.  She was truly heaven sent, and I highly recommend her if you are looking for a doula!!


Malaeika Davidson7/4/2018Kim was great. She helped me to focus during labor and was there for me the days leading up. Highly recommend her services.


Malaeika Davidson7/4/2018Kim was great. She helped me to focus during labor and was there for me the days leading up. Highly recommend her services.


Tahirah Austin6/13/2018Sis. Kimberly was my Doula througiut my pregnancy for our first child. She was spectacular. She consistently checked on me and offered resources that were beneficial to our birthing plan. It was very important to us to have someone who understood my chronic illnes, Sickle Cell Disease and did not become fearful of offering me care. She was present at the birth of our daughter and was very calming and confident when it came to dealing with the medical staff who wanted to do other interventions I wasn’t too comfortable with. Sis. Kimberly gave me reading material to refer to for breastfeeding and it was very helpful. If we plan to have another we will include her again in our birthing plan.


Amma Asamoah4/25/2018I am so grateful for the birthwork Kim provided for my fourth labor. I had been really hesitant about consulting a doula because I was very self conscious about having anyone in the delivery room besides my husband. However this time around I was having a number of complications with my back while carrying and I was worried that I'd have to go through the nightmare of getting yet another epidural or worse have a c section if I didn't get some extra help. To add to my anxiety our son was breech up until a month before my due date. We enlisted Kim's services through a family friend during my second trimester and she was WONDERFUL. Her approach is very holistic. She informed me of different exercises and activities I could do to manage my pain naturally. She checked on me regularly regarding my nutrition and water intake. If I was down or having a rough time I knew I could call Kim just to talk about my pregnancy or anything for that matter.The day I went into labor, or thought I was happened to be the day her son was attending his senior prom. I hated to call her away from her own family commitment. However, once we arrived at the hospital and my midwife informed us that there were complications  and I was in false labor but would need to be induced   I looked at my husband and said, "call Kim".At 2:30 am with her doula bag of awesomeness and a big smile she was there and I was so relieved.After I was induced we worked for over 24 hours laboring naturally. She and my husband took turns keeping me comfortable. I held firm in my decision not to have an epidural and refused medication for as long as I could. When the contractions came we just rocked out on a birthing ball with some essential oils, heating pads and my Prince Playlist. It was a long difficult labor but her wealth of knowledge and experience got me through and I was able to deliver a healthy baby boy vaginally without further complications.