DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
23 TESTIMONIALS

Kyra Lanae, (CD)DONA

Little Miracles Doula Services

Upper Darby, PA  Service range 75 miles

484-240-1333

https://www.littlemiraclesdoula.com

Birth Fee

$1100 to $1800

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

CONTACT KYRA VIEW KYRA'S AVAILABILITY

Ayonna Bracken7/18/2023My experience with Kyra was nothing short of AMAZING! Going into pregnancy I knew I wanted it to be as peaceful as possible so I knew I had to find a doula. Having Kyra present was the best decision we made! She made my labor so smooth & peaceful I couldn't believe it! The techniques she showed us, the zen atmosphere that she provided & her gentle & loving spirit truly allowed me to have the experience I always wanted! So grateful for Kyra. Can't thank her enough!


Rachel M7/12/2023We chose Kyra as our doula in 2018. From the first moment we talked, we could tell that Kyra was so kind and joyful. She sent us so much helpful information ahead of the birth, and was particularly helpful as we passed our due date and baby girl was not in any hurry ??. Kyra talked us through all of our options and supported our decisions along the way. She stayed with us in the hospital for our longgg labor, provided helpful encouragement and a calm presence every step of the way. She even decorated the hospital room with calming lights and soothing (fake) candles!! On the moments where I felt overwhelmed, Kyra stepped in to redirect and encourage me. She even prayed with us! She knew when to stand back and when to provide assistance. She even collaborated really well with my labor nurses and as they brainstormed helpful positions and ideas to keep my labor progressing smoothly. Though ultimately the labor and delivery experience went differently than we imagined, knowing we had Kyra with us and talking us through all the options was so reassuring. Kyra helped us feel confident in our decisions! Once we finally had our baby girl, Kyra was especially encouraging and talked us through everything that had happened and she rejoiced with us over our healthy baby girl!


Emily Franco7/5/2023Kyra was my doula for my hospital birth and she was so amazing to work with. Prior to the birth we met various times, both in person and by video meeting, and she answered any questions I had during my pregnancy. She always checked in with me after my prenatal appointments and was very supportive the entire journey. I was planning an unmedicated hospital birth. I did have some complications such as preeclampsia and fetal decreased heart rate which didn't allow me to have the unmedicated birth I wanted, but Kyra was there supporting me and giving me information to help me make informed decisions throughout the labor. I would definitely hire her again in the future! 


Brenda Nyantee7/5/2023My family and I had the pleasure of working with Ms.Kyra on March 21, 2022 and we all welcomed a very healthy baby boy. It's been a whole year and I can't stop talking about her and how wonderful she was to me and the staff at the hospital. Our goal was a natural birth and I remember a few times I wanted to give in for the epidural but Ms. Kyra literally voice would calm me down.  I could write a book about this amazing person. I pray she's there for my next child. She was such a blessing to have on my very special day. I pray every family get to experience a Ms. Kyra at their special day too. 


Lakita7/5/2023Kyra was an amazing doula. Between the frequent check ins and communications between scheduled meetings, it was an amazing experience. She was very helpful when it came to deciding what worked best for me and my partner and always made sure we were comfortable above all else. I had a lot of misconceptions about doulas prior to this experience: I thought there would be some lady trying to push their beliefs onto me. My experience with Kyra was nothing like that it was always about what I felt was best and what I really wanted to get out of this. Overall, I had a great birth and I have Kyra to thank for helping me get through it! I could not have been paired with a better doula! Thank you so much Kyra!


Tempest Cooper10/16/2022I am so thankful I met kyra!!! She is the best Doula in PA area. She was very friendly and very knowledgeable about her work. She may me feel comfortable through out my pregnancy journey ?????? she also know basic sign language and she was very accommodating. I am her first Deaf client she ever work with. Kyra even took the time to take her mask down so I can read her lips! When I have baby #2, I will def rehire her again!!! ????????


Anakai Ney4/10/2022For many months leading up to my delivery I had heard from many friends how wonderful it is to have a doula. I began research through some of direct contacts who then led me to doula.net. This is where I found Kyra, and she is amazing! My previous 2 births (one induction and one nearly in our home) were not as wonderful as this. I called Kyra from the contact information on doula.net and was immediately intrigued just from her voicemail. I knew I wanted someone of faith in Christ to be in the room when the time came for me to deliver. At 36 weeks, I received the upsetting news that I was only allowed one support person and was basically told that on delivery day, I would have to choose between my spouse and the doula. I was devastated. I couldn’t imagine my husband not being there to witness the birth of our 3rd child as he had done with the other 2. Kyra sprang into action helping me identify and secure care at another hospital and by extension another OB. Despite the frustration of having to switch providers at 36 weeks, Kyra continued to reassure me and manage our in person visits and virtual visits. On delivery day, Kyra was prompt, set up the hospital room with soft lighting and visuals that helped me navigate the birthing experience with greater ease. We arrived at 2pm and our baby was born just 5 hrs later. From reassuring words to enlisting the assistance of my husband, I felt supported and motivated to do my part. With each contraction, Kyra made the most of it by helping me to get into positions that would encourage the baby to move down the birth canal. She was respectful and kind to the staff and worked diligently to help me deliver. I am so thankful for Kyra. I feel hopeful that if was again to have another child, I could do it knowing that Kyra would be there to help. I highly recommend Kyra!


Trisha Derosier2/25/2022After meeting a few doulas, I chose Kyra to be my doula because I felt she had great energy. I'm glad I picked her because she was exactly who I needed to help me through my labor and delivery. She helped my husband with tips on how to support and comfort me through my contractions, she reminded me to breathe, and helped me to change into optimal positions. Kyra provided me with emotional support through my pregnancy and I enjoyed our talks. Those conversations really helped me mentally and Kyra was professional, she listened to my concerns, she motivated me, and she would send me information so that I could stay informed. Overall I loved having her as my doula, my birth experience wouldn't have been what it was without her.                 


Jennifer12/31/2021Kyra was a phenomenal doula and amazing support for me during my entire pregnancy and postpartum as well. She was always an amazing teacher , listener, Guidance. Helper . Supporter and just overall exceptional at being a comfort to me during one of the scariest yet exciting moments of my life . She guided me during all my hard and good times. She taught me so much and I will Always cherish every moment and experience she taught me and gave me during my pregnancy. Thank you Kyra for all your wisdom and support and kindness and just being there ?? Appreciate my support and experience with kyra. 


Amaris Bracero10/28/2021After having a 14 year gap between giving birth my husband and I knew we wanted to do things in a holistic way. We looked into things and definitely wanted a doula. We searched doulamatch.net and found a handful and set up interviews. Kyra with Little Miracles Doula was one of the first we interviewed and we knew from the start she'd be the one we'd go with. We automatically vibed with her. She listened to our needs and wants and gave us the information we needed. She was on the same page as us and was willing to support us with whatever we wanted. She was attentive before, during and after birth. She had so many different coping tools and information we could use during labor and birth. At the hospital she set a relaxing tone / environment for us. Lights, affirmations, essential oils, music, coping tools, sound advice, conversation and overall amazing support. She and my husband got me through each contraction smoothly up until I decided I needed something. Through it all she supported my every need and want. The birthing process went smoothly afterwards. She assisted the whole way through even during my pushing stage. Kyra was emotionally and physically supportive to me through it all. Coaching me and assuring me that I had the ability to do this! She also helped my husband to help me the best way he could. Kyra is an amazing woman and she is amazing at what she does. She will help you get through your labor and birth with ease. She has a great ablity to keep you calm and comfortable as well as strong and focused on your birth goals. We will defiantly love to have her again should we have another child. I highly recommend Kyra and Little Miracles Soula Services. 


Rebecca Schaeffer10/18/2021Kyra is a wondefully sweet person and a truly impressive doula. After our initial consultation hiring her as my doula was a no-brainer.  Although I hired her late in my pregnancy, she was still able to provide me with a wealth of helpful information and recources. She is articulate, prompt, and ever the professional.As first time parents, my husband and I were nervous and didn't know what to expect out of our birth experience but Kyra's calm demeanor and confidence put our minds at ease. During transition she even coached my hesitant husband in administering pain-relief techniques. Kyra's soothing presence made a world of difference during my 24 hour labor.Kyra is the support person you want in your corner cheering you on. I whole-heartedly recommender her services.


Mariam Sissoko10/10/2021Kyra is one of the sweetest people I've come across, she's very understanding, knowledgeable, flexible with scheduling, and very patient. Having Kyra as my doula made my pregnancy so easy and stress free! I can't thank you enough, appreciate everything you did for us.


Rebekah Cliff9/2/2021Kyra is amazing. She was my doula for my first birth, and was everything I was hoping a doula would be, and more. My primary concern was having somebody there who would keep both me and my husband calm during the birth process and guide us through it. My sister had had an unnecessary cesarean, so I was determined to have a natural birth but I also didn't want to take unnecessary medical risks. We needed someone that knew the data for both natural births and modern medicine, had a lot of experience, and would keep us from panicking and ending up on the Cascade of Interventions.Kyra was all that and more. She was also a warm and encouraging presence who stayed with us through the night during a rather harrowing labor. She coached me and my husband through active labor techniques that significantly diminished the pain (it felt miraculous), and cheered me on during the pushing stage (when I couldn't look at my husband's nervous face I focused on hers). Her warm encouragement gave me strength through the final stretch.Because of several complications, I most likely would have ended up with an emergency C-section if it hadn't been for Kyra. The hospital was prone to interventions, and it could have been difficult for me and my husband to figure out which ones were actually essential and which would backfire.  Kyra's pregnancy visits taught us more than the hospital birth class, and it all ended up mattering. At the hospital she coached me through labor at the most critical moments...I had the urge to push too early, and she helped me to stop with counter pressure and vocal encouragement. Everything worked out beautifully in the end. That moment when they lifted up my daughter and put her on my chest was the most wonderful thing in the world.Because of Kyra, we had a vaginal delivery and had a wonderful birth experience. She is extremely knowledgeable, warm, level-headed, and encouraging. You couldn't ask for more. 


Shanique Graves7/28/2021This was my first time using a Doula. I was super nervous about the whole situation due to COVID and having someone who could identify with me and understand my needs and fears especially as a woman of color. Kyra was amazing plus more. There isn't a feeling big enough to describe how much it meant to have someone there with me during such a life changing experience. She was kind and warm and she listened to my every concern and eased all my fears. I don't plan on having any more children but I would recommend her to anyone without hesitation. Thank you Kyra for being apart of this experience.


Arvella Hill7/27/2021Hello my name is Arvella Hill. I just want to say Kyra Lanae was so amazing. She was professional but also like a sister. She listened to all my wants and needs. Whatever I needed before labor she got it for me. During my labor she supported me. Kyra made me feel so comfortable that I honestly didn't ask for epidural until I was almost ready to push. I only asked for it because I was so cold. I think if I was at home I wouldn't have gotten it, but Kyra was so attentive and if I wanted to have another I certainly would want Kyra to be my doula again. Thank you  Kyra for your time, support and love. You are awesome. 


Juanita6/3/2021Kyra was very helpful during my pregnancy experience. Even tho due to covid she wasn't able to be in the room. I felt very well prepared from our phone sessions to advocate for myself and my son. As a first time mother , I was very much unaware of many things and rights I was entitled too. She was my coach and even my sound board during emotional times.I am definitely reaching back out for her assistance with my next pregnancy!!


Karla Ngeth6/2/2021I am deeply thankful for Kyra being a part of my labor and delivery experience. Kyra's assistance as my personal support throughout my intense labor was truly a blessing. I don't know how I would have coped without her. Kyra was always kind and patient. She helped me to endure and provided strategies and methods, coupled with her soothing voice and calm demeanor, to push through the pain. I recommend Kyra and her doula services to all expecting families.


Shakeira Harden6/2/2021I had an AMAZING experience with Kyra! Even though we were virtual, she was always there for me. When I didn't understand something she would send me info. When I was I in the hospital and ready to push, she came IMMEDIATELY to be there with me and my partner. Even with postpartum she assisted me with things and was a listening ear for me. And now I'm excited to say she will be supporting me with my next birth as well :) 


Jessica Newton6/1/2021Being a new mother can come with many worries but having Kyra as my doula put all my worries at ease. Kyra is professional, caring and so helpful when it comes to preparing you for motherhood. With our weekly  appointments I got so much information about parenting, newborn care, breastfeeding etc. and I always had the option to bring topics that I wanted to talk about. I couldn't have had a better experience when it came to labor. Kyra was there every step of the way! Thank you Kyra for being such an amazing being and doing what you do for mother's and their new families??


Latrayia Fortson5/30/2021My doula was a godsend!! Being pregnant during the pandemic severely limited my options for who I could have present for the birth. I really wanted at least two people there so that one can advocate for me and the baby. My doula talked me through all my fears and apprehensions,so I was prepared for everything that could happen. I really appreciated talking through everything and having her in the delivery room. She gave the knowledge to advocate for me and my child. 


Amira McKnight5/28/2021I had a great experience with Kyra. She was very supportive and informative. We didn't have the pleasure of meeting in person until my delivery due to COVID-19. However, when we finally did meet she was even more great! I had a very complicated and traumatic delivery and Kyra was there to walk me through it. We did plenty of the exercises we went over leading up to my delivery and we had my birth plan prepared months ahead! She was such a great help and I would recommend her to anyone who is interested in doula services! 


Mabinty sheriff5/28/2021 I want to a big thank you Kyra, for Being the best doula (support person) your patient is incredibly well appreciated, you're the best doula every mom will wish to have ??you deserve a ????????????


Andrea Rivera5/4/2021There are no words to describe how grateful  my partner and I were to have Kyra as our doula ! Thanks to her I was able to have my dream delivery experience. Not only did she support me through my first delivery, she also gave me plenty of information and provided me with the tools I needed to feel like I was ready to deliver and take care of my first baby. She was attentive to my needs and made me feel like I could ask her anything (no question was a silly question ). Both my partner and I were left with amazing memories and one of the best life experience all thanks to Kyra. If you are looking to have a supportive, attentive and caring doula than Kyra is your girl! She was simply amazing! Thank you Kyra from the bottom of our hearts Alex and Andrea ! 