DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
8 TESTIMONIALS

Lauren Woo

Tiny Blue Elephants Birth Services

Littlestown, PA  Service range 70 miles

4439287507

http://www.tinyblueelephantsbirthservices.com

Birth Fee

$1200

CONTACT LAUREN VIEW LAUREN 'S AVAILABILITY

Kim P.2/13/2023Where to begin? I was put in touch with Lauren through word of mouth via multiple Mamas, and for good reason. From the first meeting through my birthing time and after, I was always acutely aware of the fact that Lauren was a member of my team, a calming presence and a caring advocate. She speaks from a place of understanding and experience. It made my husband a true believer in the power of a doula on your team. I will be forever grateful to Lauren. The pain level of my birthing experience was markedly less than my previous birth without a doula. Hire her, and you will not regret it.


Emily2/7/2023Lauren was such a blessing to our family and we could not be more thankful to have her apart of our journey. Her presence was calming and she helps guide me through contractions. We had an incredible experience. We love you Lauren!!! 


Jess H3/15/2021I have so many good things to say about Lauren! From the moment I reached out to her about her services,, she went above and beyond for me and my little one. She walked me through every step of the birth and postpartum process and affirmed every choice I wanted to make without hesitation. She was my cheerleader every step of the way! I had a very specific birth plan and due to complications I ended up going completely off script and actually lived out my worst case scenario of a hospital delivery via emergency induction. Thankfully, Lauren was able to Facetime me for the majority of my 14 hour labor and she guided me through each contraction with patience. The craziest part of it all is that Lauren was ON VACATION with her family at the time, and she was actively coaching me through labor at the same time!Not only is she dedicated to her role, she is 100% invested in her time with you. Postpartum, I needed some help managing things at home and Lauren stepped right up to help me, offering whatever I needed in the moment to feel heard. If you are looking for a birth/postpartum doula, I could not recommend her more! 


Kat Palmore2/28/2021Lauren was great! She taught us some techniques in a short class before birth and she was available the whole time through the delivery. We also hired her for postpartum services and she was wonderful with my daughter, made us a few wonderful meals, and helped with light cleaning. She came early for the first postpartum visit because our first night home our daughter cried literally the whole night, and we were so overwhelmed.Would highly recommend Lauren to anyone! 


Megan12/27/2020Lauren is amazing. After my baby was in NICU, we struggled with breastfeeding. Lauren was patient and kind and supportive. After working with her, my baby and I are now successfully breastfeeding and could not be happier. I definitely would not have been successful without her help and support!


Danielle Pereyra12/27/2020She was very good with catering to my needs during the different pains while in labor. She had a calming voice when she tried to help me when I was trying to relax.


Katie P12/27/2020I used Lauren as my doula after a recommendation from another Facebook group. I had an absolutely wonderful experience with her and her services. She came to our home twice and met with my husband and I to coach us on things that might happen on the big day. She taught my husband was that he could help me and she was so personal. It was never awkward with her like she was a stranger. From our first meeting she made me feel comfortable and supported. She has an amazing kind soul and it provides instant comfort. When the doctors broke my water we notified her immediately and it felt like she showed up in lightening speed. Before I knew it she was there and she was all in. I couldn’t have made it through my birth without her. I was a mom afraid to have a natural birth. I knew I wanted an epidural it was just a matter of when and I can proudly say I had a natural birth. Lauren’s services will not disappoint you!!!!!


Kerry12/27/2020Choosing to use Lauren as my doula was the best decision I made for my birth. She was helpful and informative as we prepared, very responsive, and calm during my labor. Due to preeclampsia , I was induced early, and she was with me every step of the way. She literally counted me through hoursssss if contractions. After 54 hours of labor, it became clear my boy wasn’t going to come down on his own, and Lauren helped my husband and I make the decision to move to a c section. She asked me lots of questions to help me figure out what I wanted, and ultimately my boy arriving safe and me being healthy were what we decided to do. She prayed with us, and then she waited till I came back into the room before she left. Can I tell you how much that meant?? My son had to be taken to the NICU, and I told my husband to stay with him, so I was expecting to be by myself after a major surgery, and I felt so cared for when I got back to the room and saw Lauren waiting for me. Do yourself, your spouse, and your baby a favor and choose Lauren to help you with your birth. 100 stars from me!