DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
10 TESTIMONIALS

Lily Carter

Golden Lotus Doula Services and Photography

Pittsburgh, PA  Service range 40 miles  Available for out of state clients

4129830019

http://www.goldendoulas.com

Birth Fee

$1400 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $40

VIEW LILY'S AVAILABILITY

Lindsey4/12/2021I knew that I wanted a doula to help inform me, work with me, and advocate for me during my pregnancy and labor experience. I cannot express how amazing it was working with Lily of Golden Lotus Doula Services. Every step of the way, Lily would guide me through what we needed to prepare for our birth experience and offered so much help in finding what worked best for me and my baby. She was instrumental in helping give me the confidence to leave my OB practice that was not at all in line with what I wanted for my birth experience, and actually sent me information for the new practice that we went with who were amazing as well. My husband and I could not have been more relieved to have her on our birth team, and she just helped to make the experience so wonderful, stress-free, and calm.


Barbara12/17/2019Lily helped me deliver my baby girl through a peaceful water birth. She coached me through every step of the way. When my labor stalled, she walked stairs with me for hours to get things moving while also rubbing my back and providing distractions. She showed my husband what to do to help, so he didn't feel out of place. She also managed to capture some of the most amazing moments on camera. Thanks to her, I got my dream natural birth in the water and the photos will serve as the reminder of that amazing experience.


Denis Cunningham10/5/2019Lily is calming, nurturing, knowledgeable and professional. We employed her services last minute to stay with my wife and seven weeker overnight while I was away for work. Truly a lifesaver...she helped my family get through several nights and taught us a few things as well. We would definitely work with her again and are eager to recommend her to others! THANK YOU LILY!


Holly Bitz8/26/2019Lily has a calm and friendly energy about her that is perfect for a doula. She was our doula and hypnobirthing instructor and she went above and beyond for us! Super professional and relatable - we felt supported and cared for throughout our pregnancy. Highly recommend her. 


Melissa Johnson5/9/2019I had the pleasure of working with Lily Carter. As a new mom I had a great sense of relief, knowing my first night home from the hospital she would be there to help my husband and myself transition. She is very calm and knowledgeable and I felt completely comfortable having her in my house and caring for my baby. She taught us several skills and had great advice for soothing measures. She certainly made being a first time mom less scary. Would absolutely use her again if we have more children!


Jennifer Prevratil3/20/2019My husband and I had no idea how much we needed Lily until we met her. She provided more birth plan guidance and preparation than we received from any other care provider before the birth. When the plan went off track, Lily helped us maintain a positive attitude and find the energy to persevere through a long labor and delivery to meet our little one. Her postpartum support was so important to us on days when we just couldn't function anymore on our own. You will not regret hiring Lily to be your doula. She is one of a kind!


Alicia Van Balen3/10/2019From the minute I met Lily, I knew she was the right choice for us. I felt like I had known her my whole life after our first meeting. I wanted to hire a doula that felt like a best friend, and she was perfect! When I went into labor she was calm and had a ton of tools in her belt to keep me comfortable. She also helped my husband to support me by showing him pain relief techniques and making sure he was as involved as he wanted to be. I also hired her for placenta encapsulation and the little "extras" that she took the time to do are great keepsakes! I recommend Lily and her services to everyone!


Leah Dubin4/10/2018Lily is so much more than just your doula. I hired Lily after 3 losses with a lot of fears regarding pregnancy and birth. She calmed me down and helped me sort through what I was feeling First and foremos.After hiring Lily I gained a great friend and cheerleader that didn't quit or disappear after my birth. She has been there through thick and thin every step of the way on my mothering journey.I felt confident in my decisions, due to her unwavering support and intensive education. My birth plan was ironclad and she ensured it was followed by empowering me to fight for the birth I desired. Lily also helped me with belly binding, postpartum meal prep, birth and fresh 48 photography and placenta encapsulation. Her placenta art is absolutely stunning- be sure to get the tincture too!Dont forget to ask for her lactation cookies! Her recipe is so good- and it works!! My supply was on point!I will be hiring Lily for every pregnancy- even though we recently moved I plan to pay to fly her in for our next baby. She really is that good! If you are on the fence, call her today. You will not regret it! I recommend her without a single hesitation and am so glad she is a part of my mom tribe.


Amanda Kritikos11/4/2017We hired Lily for the birth of our third baby and I'm so thankful we did! She was very professional with everything. Lily was scheduled to be our of town on the actual due date and had a great replacement lined up for us. Lily helped us discuss and decide some aspects of our birth in the weeks before. For example, she was able to provide research and education regarding cord-blood banking, delayed cord clamping, and placenta encapsulation. She came and met our older boys before the birth and checked in with me frequently as we passed the due date! When labor finally started and progressed she helped support my husband and I by taking over timing contractions, supporting me as we tried to position the baby lower on my pelvis, and was quick to help get the midwives as my labor took a very quick turn from the second to third phase of labor. Lily also offered photography during the birth and I'm so thankful for the beautiful moments she captured. They were very tasteful and really captured the joy of the moment! Lily visited us at home after the birth and our favorite part was postpartum care where she came and helped us with childcare of the older boys as well as some household chores. The ultimate treat for me was the plate of lactation cookies she made! They were absolutely delicious and definitely helped with milk supply. Lily is a fantastic doula and truly strives to help the laboring mom feel supported.


Rachel Understein10/14/2017She was great! After we did the first consult, we didn't have much time before I gave birth, but she made me feel as though I was her best friend and was the only thing of importance on her schedule (which I would never expect) but that's how it felt. The night I went into labor it was fast and furious, and she was prompt, and concerning; knowing what my desires were. After the baby was born she knew my diet restrictions and made me amazing paleo lactation cookies, followed up with me on multiple occasions offering to help! Again, she is great!