DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
5 TESTIMONIALS

Megan Morris

Megan Ridge Morris, Yoga & Doula Services

Hellertown, PA  Service range 30 miles

4843501180

http://www.meganridge.com/doula.html

Birth Fee

$800 to $1600

CONTACT MEGAN VIEW MEGAN'S AVAILABILITY

Jessica Stubits8/26/2019Megan was meant to be my doula. When I first met her, her warmth instantly was calming. She was thorough, professional and calm yet assertive. Just what I needed, someone who could understand my history of anxiety and know how to combat it without being too passive or too pushy. My goal in getting a doula was to have someone help me deliver naturally in the hospital. A huge bonus to me her being a yoga instructor. When I imagined my ideal birth, I pictured a calm setting like warm candlelight yoga. She understood exactly what I was looking for. Throughout my pregnancy, I had high blood pressure which resulted in the doctors wanting to induce me. That didn't happen because my water broke @ 37 weeks! However, Megan was so great in helping me talk the Dr., ask Q's, & to trust my body. Megan taught me the power of positive affirmations and how to use my breathing & visualizations to stay calm & focused.When we arrived @ the hospital the night my water broke, I was put on magnesium sulfate "mag" b/c my blood pressure was severe & I had protein in my urine. The mag made it difficult to concentrate & gave me double vision. The Dr. allowed me to get contractions going by using the natural methods that Megan taught me. It didn't work so I finally agreed to start a low dose of Pitocin. My Pitocin was increased slowly to allow me to get through contractions naturally w/ Megan's help. She coached me through the contractions on the birthing ball & would place a cool cloth on my head/shoulders. Her calming presence helped keep me in a good place. Once I began pushing, our baby girl was out in 45 mins! My experience would have been much different w/o Megan. I was able to withstand contractions & labor without an epidural while on Pitocin & mag! I took pride in that. It was empowering. Later Megan told me, "I'll never forget what you did in there, you were amazing." I will never forget that or how she changed my life.


Nicole Guzman8/3/2017Megan is a wonderful, kind, warm soul. She made my birthing experience so much more comfortable and endurable. My husband and I both felt completely supported through the entire process. She was able to give her support and expertise without making my husband feel like she was taking over which made for a great team to get me through labor. From the first meeting to birth, I never felt like I couldn't ask her anything, she was always so open and willing to share her thoughts and knowledge with me. I had a very long labor, it started on a Sunday and I didn't have the baby until Wednesday evening, Megan was there every step of the way. She made me feel at ease even when things got tough. I truly appreacite her and what she does and I am so thankful she was there to help me feel empowered to make every decision I made. I couldn't recommend her enough!


Kelly Paxton7/16/2017Megan's knowledge, support, and guidance throughout my pregnancy and labor is solely responsible for my amazingly positive and meaningful birth experience. Throughout the experience, I did not feel as though I were a client working with a professional delivering a service. Rather, as I welcomed Megan into my home for prenatal meetings and into the delivery room for the birth of my first child, I welcomed in a trusted friend who I knew would support my family and me unconditionally. Megan's knowledge of alternative methods of pain management and quiet strength and control put me at ease during anxious days of pregnancy as well as during the stress of labor. While Megan delivers a set number of contracted meetings, she made herself present as a source of support and encouragement on a daily and weekly basis when necessary. Her total investment in my pregnancy was evident from the moment we met to welcoming my daughter and beyond. Megan's support in developing a list of birth preferences empowered me to take control of my own care and the care of my child during birth. Megan's experience in hospital settings enabled her to provide me with the knowledge and support to advocate for the type of birth experience I wanted (as nuturing and natural as possible) within the sterile hospital setting. Megan is able to provide this support while respecting the policies and procedures implemented by the medical side of birth. Additionally, Megan's lead provided my husband (a first time father) with the ability to be fully involved in my birth experience in a meaningful and beneficial way. He would not have had the positive experience he did without her guidance. Childbirth was an amazing experience and I credit Megan's involvement with making it possible. I will have her by my side for any future pregnancies.


Rachel Abott5/31/2017I am SO very grateful for Megan and everything she did for us as our doula. I wanted to do a completely natural birth with no pain medication, so I knew I'd need some extra support! Megan was incredible. She worked with us before the birth to help us make all of the decisions (I had no idea there were so many!) and create our ideal birth plan. I felt very prepared and calm leading up to my birth because of this.I called Megan a few hours into my labor and she was very calm - which was super helpful at that point. She met us at the hospital right away and was such a calm, grounding presence the entire time I was laboring and birthing my baby girl. About halfway through my labor, I asked for pain meds - and Megan confidently reminded me of my birth plan. Her approach and attitude really helped me stick to the plan I had created - and I was so excited/proud of myself for doing so!She was great at the hospital in helping me communicate with the doctors and nurses, keeping me as relaxed as possible (she kept putting a cool cloth with lavendar oil on my forehead - one of the few things that I felt really helped calm me during breaks between contractions), and helping me stay strong and focused. My birth went amazingly well and I am so grateful to Megan for the role she played in that. I will most definitely use her as my doula for baby #2!!


Laini Abraham10/15/2016The short version of my birth story is that two Sundays ago at a little after 3pm, my water broke. Really broke. A few hours later, I was at the hospital. From that point on, my labor did not progress on its own. After many hours of pitocin, an epidural that didn't last, and finally a c-section, Jonah was born -- about 33 hours after my water first broke.I can not tell you how thankful I am that Jonathan and I had decided to work with Megan Ridge Morris as our doula. I can't imagine having to go through those two days without her. She was an invaluable source of comfort, guidance, and reassurance. If you are ever pregnant and looking for a doula, I can't recommend Megan enough.