DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
11 TESTIMONIALS

Sarah Korbeck, CLD(CAPPA), DPT, CIMI

Little Things Are Big Things

Lincoln University, PA  Service range 35 miles

4104411545

Birth Fee

$1200

CONTACT SARAH VIEW SARAH'S AVAILABILITY

Melissa Shaw11/3/2022Sarah is an incredibly special person and one amazing doula.  I knew we were in good hands from the first messages we exchanged, and 8+ months later she is still in my life and showing support and love towards my family.  She took the time to learn how my partner and I worked together & supported eachother, and also learned what I needed to prepare for labor (which was lots of data, resources, and things to practice).  The actual day of our daughter's birth honestly feels like a beautiful dream.  Sarah was there supporting us every step of the way during my 22+ hour labor.  She helped me find positions that worked, was an amazing partner for us with the nurses and midwife (I had a hospital birth), brought essential oils and little tea lights to set a relaxing mood, and kept me in such a positive, empowered, and strong head space.  She also helped my partner immensely by offering him guidance, support, and breaks so he could rest.  She stayed after our daughter was born as well to ensure we were okay and had what we needed.  When she came to visit us at home 5 days postpartum I openly wept in her arms when she hugged me <3.  We spent some time talking through our daughters birth-day and it was such a beautiful way to process our emotions from that day for both my partner and I.  I will never forget our special time with Sarah!  OH, and the pictures and videos she took are just the icing on the cake... she of course asked our permission first, but they are so beautiful and special to look back on and we wouldn't have them without her.  We love you, Sarah!


Liz10/13/2022Words can’t even come close to describing how incredibly valuable our Doula Sarah’s support was, during our journey to birthing our first born baby. From the moment we had our meet and greet, I just knew I needed Sarah in my corner. As a first time Mama, I had so much anxiety about the birthing process and she had a way of quieting my fears. Sarah has the most calming and reassuring spirit. Not to mention, a wealth of knowledge on all things birth. Because of Sarah’s support and guidance throughout my pregnancy and during labor, I was able to have the most beautiful, glorious, un-medicated birth I wanted and prayed for.My husband and I are currently planning for baby #2, and we absolutely (even the second time around) wouldn’t think twice about having Sarah walk with us again. She is a treasure, and we are beyond grateful for her!


Karen9/6/2022Sarah is much more than a doula.  She is so supportive and worked with myself and my husband to prepare before the baby was born, at the hospital and after he arrived.  This was a successful VBAC for me and I appreciated her help so much.  She recommended great books and online resources in addition to meeting with us in person.  She went above and beyond being a doula and took the most beautiful photos during my birth that I will cherish forever.  


Jill9/1/2022Rockstar.That’s the first word I think of when I think of Sarah as my doula (for both of my births).From the moment we interviewed her we knew she was the one for us. She has a comforting presence that reassures you in the most vulnerable moments and is very intuitive in the moment. She has a way about her that she just gives you the look, like she’s known you a decade, and you know she’s got you and can anticipate your needs. I never felt judged or pressured by anything she said or did. I always felt listened to and respected (as did my husband too!). She truly advocates for you and your baby. Back to the rockstar part. I was in labor with my oldest for 5 days and ended up having a Christmas baby. Sarah was there with me the entire journey and never made me feel like a burden or like I couldn’t do it. Fast forward to being transferred from a birth center to the hospital she advocated for me when I wasn’t able to as well as I could and reassured me along the way. Fast forward to 3 months postpartum when I found out I was expecting again, I knew Sarah had to be a part of it. She was there my entire pregnancy journey reassuring me “you got this” the second time around and it would be a completely different experience. It was. Baby #2 arrived 13 minutes after arriving to the birth center. For such a private and intimate moment I can’t imagine our births not including Sarah. It never felt awkward or intrusive with her there. It still felt like my husband was a participating member of my birth, it just helped immensely to have someone guide you through it who has been through it before. I know I did all the physical work, but she truly has a way of helping you dig deep and believe in yourself during labor and delivery with such a calm presence. I’m also happy and humbled to call her a friend almost two years after my first birth.


Ravneet Lamva8/26/2022Sarah what do I say, I had no one when she was there! I think she was god sent, so I was assigned to another doula and lucky me my delivery went on for so long that there was a shift change and I got Sarah! Omg I feel so so lucky to have her. She was perfect, I didn't get a doula for me! Lol I got it for my husband so he could be calm so I could be calm and she did exactly that, she gave him space and time to sleep and to be patient she gave me a lavender oil massage and loved me like my very own elder sister. I didn't have my mom or anyone to understand what was happening and I had Sarah! If I do it again she will be right by my side ???? Love you 


Kirstie8/25/2022We loved having Sarah by our side on our journey to meeting our little man. Sarah really took her time getting to know us and investing in our wants and needs in preparation for our hospital birth, as well as equipped us with phenomenal tools to support my body in labor. She helped us feel empowered to make informed decisions throughout our experience and worked really well alongside our doctors and nurses who were there to support us. It was a joy and a pleasure to have Sarah on our team!


Kim8/25/2022Sarah was my doula 3 years ago. My planned doula had an emergency so she sent sarah in her place, and it turned out so meant to be. Sarah was just amazing. She came with essential oils for me to pick from, and told me and my husband what to do, but when his deodorant made me nauseous she took over in his place. I got in the jacuzzi tub after a few hours, which saved me btw, and she kept encouraging me not to give up which helps so much. She took photos the whole time which I appreciate because I did not even think of that because I was not in the right state of mind. So if it was not for her taking photos I wouldn't have any at all. After I finally pushed out my daughter she stayed with me afterwards to make sure I was OK. She even checked on me afterwards multiple times to see how I was doing. The care I received from a complete stranger was an absolute godsend. I really felt like she must be an angel who was sent to assist me in my time of need. She is very caring and compassionate and just a lovely person. So if you are unsure about who to use I would highly recommend her because I had a great experience from beginning to end and even afterwards.


Julia8/25/2022Compassionate, kind, warm, knowledgeable, down-to-earth, supportive, encouraging, and a million other fantastic qualities. Sarah is your biggest asset when it comes to planning your birth team. She is such a wealth of knowledge and a kind soul. It's like we had known each other for years when we had actually met twice before birth. Her presence is grounding and comforting. She was my rock during an unexpected c-section and all of the decisions that came with it. And held my hand and my aching heart in the weeks after. Do not hesitate, Sarah is an angel on earth and I highly recommend her to anyone looking for a doula. 


Katy8/25/2022Sarah made our sons birth so special by being there, educating us beforehand, and supporting us afterward. We enjoyed our visits getting to know each other, as is her approach to learn how she could best support us during birth. We texted Sarah when labor began because we found it came on very suddenly that it was time to go to the hospital. Sarah helped us make those important decisions as an independent and educated party, knowing we wanted to stay home as long as possible but that things were intensifying quickly. As our birth plan changed, Sarah continued to add value to our experience making us feel extremely comfortable and working with our doctor by taking instructions and streamlining communication throughout the room. Sarah was a ray of sunshine in our difficult moments and knows exactly when to fade into the background and when not to. Sarah also captured our most special moments in beautiful photos during our birth, which was a really wonderful unexpected surprise. She helped us get started with breastfeeding and supported us during those moments after birth when things are confusing. She checked on us frequently after birth via text and visited after a few days. Our family believes our smooth birth was the result of a wonderful team working together beautifully, in no small part due to Sarah's role. We would recommend her to anyone preparing for birth with any birth plan. Because of Sarah, we felt prepared and ready to accept the uncertain path ahead as it unfolded. Thank you, Sarah! 


Sarah Denison8/25/2022There isn't a single time I think about my birth experience without reflecting on how wonderful Sarah is. She is so good at meeting people where they are and she brought incredible knowledge and experience to every session we had with her as we prepared for my induction birth. She dug into the things that were important and interesing to me. She was a calming, rational presence and she encouraged and empowewerd me when I needed to advocate for myself. Dads have hard days too, and she was always there for my husband when he felt scared or worried. We were so prepared because of Sarah's guidance. When we talk to other pregnant people about our experience with Sarah, we often joke that we weren't sure who she supported more. Thinking back to all the things that happened during those hours of labor and the moment we met our baby, I am more certain than ever that Sarah's guidance and presence ensured our positive experience. She's forever a part of our family story. Hiring a doula is a must and Sarah should be at the top of your list.


Sarah Rakes8/25/2022Deciding to work with Sarah for my 5th birth was the best choice I could have made for a positive experience. I had the most support possible. She helped to plan, set boundaries and process events as they happened.  1000/10 would recommend,  and frequently do. 