DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
9 TESTIMONIALS

Adriana Dyda CLC

Ante,Birth,Postpartum & CLC,VBAC,HypnoBirthing

Trenton, NJ  Service range 40 miles  NJ,PA

(908) 227-4650

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $55

CONTACT ADRIANA VIEW ADRIANA 'S AVAILABILITY

Lauren12/19/2022I had my first baby this April, and Adriana helped me to have the most beautiful birth I could have imagined. When I conceived, I already knew I wanted a fully unmedicated birth. I feel so grateful that I found Adriana, because she helped me to prepare mentally, physically and spiritually to ensure that I was fully ready and confident in my plan. Adriana has a warm, nurturing nature, and is highly skilled and knowledgeable in her practice. At her home visits before my birth, she thoroughly walked me and my husband through the birthing process, labor techniques, nutrition, breastfeeding, and so much more. During my labor, Adriana’s encouraging, gentle nature is exactly what I needed to feel safe and reassured. She provided the most helpful hip squeezes that helped me through the most intense moments of my labor. I really appreciated how she involved my husband and helped him to feel that he had a place in the process. She showed him and helped him to do hip squeezes himself, and took care of many details that allowed him to be right by my side the entire time, which was exactly where I wanted him to be. They communicated together, taking care of my needs so that I could stay peacefully in my zone. Adriana helped me so much with breastfeeding. I really struggled in the first month and underestimated how difficult breastfeeding would be. Adriana helped with his initial latch, and came to my home later to help work through engorgement and getting a more comfortable latch. Breastfeeding has been a delight after working through the difficulties in the beginning, and I owe much of that to Adriana’s help. I will absolutely love to have Adriana at my next birth.


Sanny12/18/2022Adriana was my birth Doula when I had my son back in mid-March of this year.  She was very supportive and provided me with many useful information from prenatal to postpartum.  I had a truly meaningful and fear-free birth experience because of her which I believe wouldn't be the same without her by my side.  She really took care of me before and after birth, making sure that I felt as comfortable as possible through the whole process.  She also taught me a lot how to care for my son in the begininning of my motherhood journey, which I was really nervous about as first time mom, and that really helped building up my confidence.  She was very responsive each time I have questions and she even went out of her way to connect my sister, who lives in another state, with Doulas in her area.  I very much appreciate having her as my Doula and couldn't thank her enough because she is just amazing and would highly recommend her to any mother to be looking for a birth Doula.


Jaime Andrews12/16/2022I had an amazing experience with Adriana. She was there for me throughout the entire pregnancy, labor and postpartum. She made me feel very comfortable. I honestly don't know what I would have done without her during my labor. She was a life saver. Adriana is very educated and makes sure her mothers to be are too. I hope to use her again when we have another baby <3 


Andresa3/7/2022Adriana was fantastic! She is caring, compassionate, knowledgeable, and a very positive person. She was always available to answer any questions I had and also oriented me on how to get my baby in a better position to avoid an unnecessary intervention. My labor was long and difficult and she never left my side. She was a guardian angel, always near, guiding me through the contractions, making sure I was as comfortable as possible, and getting the obgyn to listen to my concerns. After the delivery, she waited until I was settled and comfortable before leaving. On the postpartum visit, she came to check how the baby and I were doing, ensuring breastfeeding and my recovery were going well. I would most definitely hire her again!


Joy10/2/2021Adriana helped me with 3rd trimester pregnancy and postpartum care. She is a seasoned doula and very friendly. She is professional and caring to all my family members, and proactively helps me without reminding (when you're in pain and drained by newborn's crying, the last thing you want would be planning everything for someone you hire). Adriana always initiated appropriate response to meet me and baby's needs. Her knowledge in healthy diet and delivery gestures were very helpful to me. I started contraction in early morning and she came here soon after I called her. She spent the whole day with me in hospital and helped me to relax in different ways. She also helped my family to settle down after me and my new born were discharged from hospital.After delivery, I had difficulties in breastfeeding (although it’s my second child). Adriana is a certified lactation consultant, so she helped me physically and emotionally to get through that stage. I wish I knew her when I had my first one!I hired three doulas for postpartum care due to scheduling, if you want someone knows how to live a healthy life, cooks well and takes care of you and children with positive attitude, Adriana is the best choice.


Evita N.5/18/2021My husband and I wanted to hire a doula to help us for our first birth. After a lot of searching and interviewing, we found Adriana. We immediately loved how personable and caring she is. I felt I had a constant support. Adriana offers much more than a regular doula. She came to our house multiple times and gave us birthing lessons. She massaged me when I was tense and showed me relief exercises. She stayed with me at the hospital overnight before giving birth (I had to be induced and it was a slow process for me) and took care of me. She advocated for us with the nurses and doctors. And she really helped me with breastfeeding, giving our baby a bath etc. We absolutely loved her and we can't wait to work with her again. I couldn't recommend her more highly!!!


Basia B2/20/2019When I became pregnant with my baby boy, I knew I wanted to deliver him naturally with the support of a doula. Since it was my first, I was fearful to deliver at home, and felt safer at the hospital, but I wanted a doula by my side guiding me through the beautiful experience of childbirth. And it truly was beautiful thanks to my doula, Adriana who helped ensure that everything goes according to my birth plan. Adriana is so passionate about what she does. She is very knowledgeable and professional, and also very loving. Throughout my pregnancy, we met a few times to discuss my thoughts, fears, plans, etc. Every time, her warm nature and kind spirit put me at ease. She assured me my labor would be beautiful and exactly what I envisioned it to be, as long as I truly believed it. And she was right. My labor did not go exactly as planned because I ended up needing to get an epidural (after 30+ hours of contractions), but regardless, it was truly the most magical, beautiful, and profound experience of my lifetime and I owe it all to Adriana. She ensured that everything goes according to my birth plan, from beginning to end. When I began to feel contractions, Adriana came over to my house right away and helped me through breathing, etc. When the contractions got stronger and closer together, we went to the hospital where Adriana ensured my experience was just as peaceful and relaxing as it was at home. When it finally came time to start pushing, Adriana helped guide me, supporting me spiritually and mentally. Her positivity and encouragement gave me such strength. I truly cannot thank her enough for helping me to have the beautiful childbirth I envisioned. Labor rarely ever goes exactly according to plan, but you can make it the experience you want it to be by staying positive. You can make it as beautiful as you want it to be, and Adriana can help you have the childbirth you envision. Thank you Adriana from the bottom of my heart. 


Kimberly Langowski8/6/2018I did not know what to expect after the C-section birth of my second child. My first was a vaginal delivery, and no doctors had ever really explained to me what the differences between the two types of births were and what the recovery Process or postpartum procedures were. Then came in an angel who helped me not only physically, but also emotionally, mentally, and even spiritually! Adriana was a godsend as she helped explain what I needed to do to recover, and as I was learning the tedious and painful process of breastfeeding (which no one had Explained to me with my first child either!) She was so dedicated and passionate about helping me achieve success, and went above and beyond to assist me even on her own personal time, several times. Even through many struggles With baby’s poor latch and extended jaundice (which required a 10 day NICU stay), Adriana encouraged me to not give up and gave me the tools and advice to support me. Because of her help and dedication, I was able to nurse my daughter for 1 year!!! I owe it all to Adriana, and she has become a dear family friend who we will always hold close to our hearts since the exciting yet nerve-wracking time of the birth of our second child!  I highly recommend her due to her compassion, many years of experience, and true desication to her patients and to babies!!!


Barbara Ann2/20/2018Adriana was my doula when I had my son as you can see by her main pic, she is absolutely amazing, so compassionate, so caring, my epidural didn't work for almost 10 hours and I felt everything if it wasn't for Adrian a I have no idea how I would have made it , she guided me through my breathing and everything else. I highly recommend Adriana to anyone who is having a baby. She made me feel so  comfortable and so relaxed regardless of the pain I was in. If you have never used a doula before like I haven't with my first I highly recommend you use Adriana she has so many years of experience and it shows. She is very professional and caring. I can't thank her enough for helping me through my son's birth . If i was to have another child she will most definitely be there with me again.