DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
41 TESTIMONIALS

Afshan Abbasi CD(DONA)

Birch & Ivy Doula Care

Paramus, NJ  Service range 35 miles  NYC Births have additional charges

9174178204

https://www.njdoulacare.com/

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2800

CONTACT AFSHAN VIEW AFSHAN'S AVAILABILITY

Anthony Siciliano8/2/2023My wife and I wanted to thank Afshan for her patience and expertise walking us through becoming first-time parents in June, 2023. As you can imagine, we had a ton of questions, and were concerned about all the steps leading up to delivery - and the delivery itself. Afshan was kind, relatable, and did an awesome job coaching both of us - what to expect, how to prepare, and then on the big day, she was available as promised to help make the delivery a fast and easy one. We also really appreciated her calm demeanor at the bedside when my wife was in labor, and especially in the final pushes with her positivity and level-headedness - it helped make our experience a great one over all. Thanks for all you do Afshan! 


Amanda7/26/2022Afshan was so amazing during my April baby's birth! She is very amicable, laidback, and caring. She arrived very quickly once my contractions picked up and stayed the night at the hospital with my husband and me. She was very helpful with counter pressure before my epidural, suggesting positions after the epidural, and asking for anything my husband or I needed throughout labor. Her advice was great every step of the way. We also enjoyed conversation while waiting for things to progress. My husband was so thankful to have her with us for support. I highly recommend Afshan as a doula!


Erum Waheed12/23/2021I would 100% recommend hiring Afshan. She made my entire experience beyond memorable. Her very gentle and compassionate personality made me and my husband feel so comfortable, and I couldn't thank her enough for making my delivery experience better than I can imagine. 


Pooja Suthar6/28/2021Afshan is a great doula, we had an amazing experience with her. Her skills and guidance gave us the confidence we needed for labor/delivery . She was there with us through the whole process. She made us feel comfortable during the most challenging parts of labor. She was there even after delivery to guide us and answer any questions we had. I would recommend her to anyone who is looking to use a doula for their birth. We couldn't thank her enough for her services. We would definitely use her again in the future. 


Neda Djavaherian6/2/2021Afshan made me feel comfortable, even when I was put under stressful circumstances. And even after delivering, it made me happy to know I had someone who could answer my questions and give me advice. I’m looking forward to recommending Afshan to my pregnant friends. I’ve heard a variety of birth stories - from women who have chosen to give birth at a big hospital, to women who had a home birth. Their stories have only solidified my belief that I had one of the best experiences possible. The support, empowerment and care that I got from Afshan is beyond compare. Her experience and warmth made my delivery exceptional. I’m so thankful to the people and the technologies that allowed me to have a healthy and positive vaginal birth experience.


Tina2/20/2021So as to minimize our exposure to others during the pandemic, my husband and I decided that he would stay home with our two-year-old while I delivered at the hospital. Rather than deliver alone, I sought out a doula for the first time. I spoke with six doulas, and unlike others, Afshan was committed to supporting my birth in person, rather than trying to sell me on the idea that virtual support would be just as helpful when my husband was already absent. From our first call, it was clear that she was practical and efficient but also very human. During labor, I felt so comfortable with and connected to her, despite not having met her in person beforehand. She struck the perfect balance in terms of supporting my wishes and offering her knowledge. I told my two-year-old that a friend was meeting me at the hospital and that turned out to be true. I highly recommend her.


Rokeya Begum1/11/2021I found Afshan through the doulamatch site and I am so happy to have been able to have her a part of my first pregnancy. She was responsive whenever I texted her and shared  insightful  information regarding different pregnancy concerns I had. I felt once I reached out to Afshan we connected and I felt comfortable working with her. Pregnancy and delivery is such an intimate time for everyone and I believe it is super important to find the right support person and I am grateful that I found  her and that she was able to be there during my labor and delivery. Afshan helped me figure out positions as I labored down and to help speed things along. She had knowledge regarding when to get iv fluids and gave me information of what she thought and recommended during different parts  of my labor. If it wasn't for her I don't know how it would have gone. I felt super confident when I was in labor because of her and I felt like I was ready and not afraid ( before I was way too afraid). I whole heartedly recommend Afshan to anyone who needs a doula, she knows what she is doing and knows how to make sure you feel confident and ready to take on anything at that time.


Pamela Dicent10/7/2020Our overall experience with Afshan was wonderful. She was incredibly experienced, patient, and supportive, which was exactly what we had wanted in a doula. We had also searched for a doula of color and were so grateful to be able to work with Afshan, who we felt truly understood our related concerns and how to advocate for us. From our first interaction with Afshan, we felt at ease about pregnancy and labor, and by that she would be a calm and valuable presence during our experience. She was always responsive and informed us of our different options when we had questions; her own personal experiences as a mom helped us connect and trust her even more. We would not hesitate to recommend her or work with her again!  


Megan9/18/2020My husband and I agree that choosing Afshan as our doula was the best decision we made regarding my pregnancy! She was so supportive and helpful before, during, and after birth. She always made herself available to answer any questions we had and help in any way she could. My goal was to have an unmedicated birth and I don't know if I would have been able to do it without her support. She also provided great support to my husband and helped him know how to be a better support to me during labor. I would recommend working with Afshan to anyone who is expecting, especially if a natural birth is your goal. We plan to work with Afshan again for any future pregnancies!


Payel Gupta8/26/2020Afshan was wonderful from Pre-birth , birth to post-birth.   She helped me prepare for what was ahead of us... and once we got to the time for birth she was there for us and helped make the experience so much better.  I needed to be induced for post dates- and then the induction did not go well and we needed to go to csection.   Although I didn't have a vaginal delivery - having Afshan there was so helpful- she helped us as we made tough decisions and I felt very supported.  I know for my husband it was also nice to have someone to have by his side.  Since family wasn't allowed because of Covid . After delivery she helped me navigate breast feeding.  The whole experience was wonderful. 


Puja Patel8/20/2020Afshan is amazing!My husband and I initially met with her around week 20 of my pregnancy. The plan was to meet a couple more times in person before the baby was due for more detailed info on pain management techniques and to iron out a birthing plan however the pandemic threw a wrench in our plans. Regardless, Afshan was super present, making it known she was available virtually for all our needs.Thankfully, by the time I went into labor the hospital was once again allowing Doulas. We labored at home over the course of two days. Afshan was there throughout, helping to time and manage contractions and advising on when to head to the hospital. At the hospital, she stayed until after delivery, once again offering positions that would help me dilate and coaching me through the very new and at times scary delivery experience.I’m so thankful Afshan was a part of the birth of my first baby. Can’t imagine having gone through it without her!


Manon and Claude5/13/2020There are not enough words to describe how pleased my husband and I are to have chosen Afshan for the birth of our son and to express our gratitude. I dreamt of a natural birth, and I honestly can say that I would never have done it without the help of Afshan. She was close to us at every stage of childbirth to accompany us, reassure us and help me overcome the pain. She knew when to suggest new positions to facilitate the labor and ease the pain. There were moments I felt she could read my mind. She was constantly calm, kind and professional. We would have been lost if we had relied solely on the medical service; Afshan helped us to keep a cool head and trust ourselves. One of the many reasons we decided to have a Doula was to have a human experience, rather than a medical one. My childbirth was very intense and by her delicacy, her respect, her patience and her incredible know-how, she really made this moment magical. She was strong and present to welcome our little baby, while being gentle and discreet to allow us to live, my husband and I, this incredible moment in complete privacy. We both appreciated her accompaniment which allowed for a very personal approach to pregnancy and birth, taking into account our fears, desires and feelings.Her assistance went beyond our expectations on every front. We met with Afshan twice before our son’s birth and once afterwards. She also checked-in from time to time and remained available to discuss anything I was worried or concerned about.Afshan truly does her work with passion and we were privileged to have her with us for this very unique moment in our lives and that of our son.


Nicole Paulicelli2/9/2020I would love to share my experience with Afshan. She is such a kind hearted women, who will be with you through your pre birth and birth experience. She will support you and your partner and stay until you need once baby is born. She will also stick up for you and your wishes. She is very responsive to all messages with very little wait time. She will make you feel comfortable And she is also very educated. She is truly amazing. I would absolutely have Afshan again for future babies. 


Michele Merli1/4/2020My husband and I still say to this day that working with Afshan was the best decision we made during our pregnancy. The sessions with Afshan were very helpful and informative and I really believe the philosophy she teaches helped me achieve a birth that best suited my situation. Like most first labors, mine was long and drawn out (at least it certainly felt that way!). Afshan texted with me throughout the first night of labor at home and through next day offering support and guidance. She arrived at my house when contractions became more consistent and helped make me more comfortable to prolong going to the hospital. At the hospital she was with my husband and I the entire time making contractions feel more tolerable and also advocating for my ideal birth plan with the drs and nurses. I truly don't know how I would have survived without her.


Sarayu Murthy12/11/2019Our experience with Afshan far exceeded any expectations I had about working with a doula. My husband and I decided to hire a doula because this was our first experience with pregnancy/labor. When we met with Afshan we knew right away that she was the right doula for us. Her calm demeanor was exactly what I wanted for my birth experience. When it got closer to my due date, Afshan checked in often. When I told her that I was experiencing some labor symptoms 3 weeks before I was due, she texted me daily to make sure everything was ok and answered any questions I had. She was even more responsive Than my doctor and I felt more comfortable asking her questions.  When my water broke 3 weeks early and I was admitted, Afshan arrived promptly and stayed with us through the entire process. She helped us make decisions in terms of when to get the epidural, helped ease the pain during labor with her massage techniques ooo and distracted me with conversation so the time flew by. It honestly felt like having a good friend in the room. Her interventions and recommendations really helped speed up my labor process and I was able to deliver my baby without a c section which is what I really wanted. We couldn't imagine our experience without Afshan and recommend her to anyone looking for a doula.


Carolyn Hoerl12/8/2019I can't begin to put into words how wonderful my experience with Afshan was! She is the kindest, most loving and supportive doula! When I got pregnant, I knew I wanted to have a VBAC (previous c section with twins for my first pregnancy) and I knew I would need all the support I could get to make my birth happen the way I wanted it to. From the first time I spoke with Afshan on the phone, I could tell she had a confident, and calming presence and I knew she would provide the kind of support I desired. She made me feel informed and empowered to ask questions, and do what felt comfortable for me. She helped my husband also to feel informed to know how to best support me in each stage of my pregnancy and labor, and during labor they worked beautifully as a team to always make me feel comfortable and safe. Afshan was available for questions and concerns any time I had them, and walked with me each step of the way from beginning to end. I truly believe I would not have had the positive birth experience I did without her knowledge and care, and would trust her and recommend her to anyone looking for support. If I am blessed to have more babies in the future, I will be asking Afshan to be a part of the process again! 


Jessica11/19/2019My husband and I highly recommend working with Afshan. We did not use a doula with our first child, and initially wanted to work with a doula so I had support during labor if my husband was taking care of our daughter and unable to be there with me. From our initial meeting, Afshan had a very calming presence and was accommodating to make sure both myself and husband were comfortable working with her. I was aiming for an unmedicated delivery and I couldn’t have done it without her. She was very comfortable with the doctors in my practice and the hospital and suggested ways for me to advocate for myself and the delivery I was looking for. She was great support in helping my labor move along when it was progressing slowly, and helped with a hands on approach (and showed my husband what to do) when labor got more intense. Ultimately I had the unmedicated delivery I wanted thanks to her support. We were concerned about adding another person into our dynamic for labor and delivery, but Afshan was a great compliment to our team and her support never felt intrusive. We could not have done it without her!


Hannah11/11/2019Afshan was our doula for the birth of our daughter in September and I feel incredibly lucky to have had her at our birth. She certainly went above and beyond just labor support (which is the package we chose) and she checked in on me and provided referalls before and after my birth. She was also an extremely comforting presence, reminding me of my childbirth goals when I was having trouble being flexible with my plans, and also in a moment of terrible anxiety telling me that I was going to get through it. I highly recommend her as a doula! 


Dipika Deshraju10/14/2019I engaged Afshan for her Doula services in July for my second baby. I was late to the game and contacted her around 35 weeks of pregnancy.  She was prompt to respond, even though she was on vacation. She did a phone call, video call and was very responsive at all times without rushing me into a decision. Once we decided to go ahead, she came to my home for an hour to discuss my birth plans. She was nice enough to make me an awesome birth plan ( something that people would actually want to look at). Myy obgyn wanted to induce me at 39w 4 days because I was dialated 4 cm and walking around normally. After I spoke to Afshan, I decided that I would be ok waiting and decided not to get induced. She understood my desired birth experience and gave me the pro and con of any decision I was contemplating on. She helped me out with the questions I could ask my doctor before making my decision. I'm glad I opted out of getting induced. It helped me go into labor naturally and I had a very quick, unmedicated labor. I gave birth per my dream scenario and could not have done it without Afshan's wise insights and pain management techniques. She radiates a calm and comforting aura. She worked well with my husband and helped him help me. She kept explaining things to me while I was in labor, which helped me feel in control. Her hand fan was a lifesaver while I was in labor. My husband originally thought that we didn't need a doula and now he says it was the best decision we made.I  strongly recommend Afshan. She helped make one  of the most emotional days of my life a very positive and happy experience. Thank you!!:-)


Remi Lam-Sajed10/14/2019I loved working with Afshan and highly recommend her doula services! My husband and I chose Afshan after talking with a couple of other doulas in our area. We clicked with her personality - we were able to joke around with her even during the interview and her knowledge was obvious. She's assisted in a staggering number of births so we felt supported throughout. During the pregnancy I was so happy to be able to text any question to her at any time. Is this normal? Is that normal? She's so responsive! I always got a text back within minutes. It was reassuring to have her in my corner and I never felt like I was bothering anyone the way I would with a doctor's office question.I appreciated the documents and training Afshan provided during our childbirth class visits. I think the GentleBirth meditations and her coaching really helped me acheive the unmediated birth I wanted. During delivery, she was our expert and kept both me and my husband on track. I'm not sure how he would have done without her! She also made the delivery room comfortable and inviting - dim lights, electric candles, music, oil scents. As first time parents we would have been lost without her. Many thanks to Afshan! 


Graziella10/13/2019I knew Afshan was the doula for me pretty quickly. She not only has a warm and loving disposition but a wide scope of knowledge in all things pregnancy, labor and baby.  She has also had 2 vbac’s herself- something I was seeking for my second pregnancy. I had a pretty traumatic first pregnancy and I wanted something polar opposite of that for my second... and it sure was! Afshan’s pain management and labor techniques really helped me have the 100% natural and non medicated labor I was seeking. She also saved me 2 hours of unnecessary extra labor and called the doctor in to deliver when she realized I was ready to push. I highly recommend Afshan and will seek her expertise again once I’m ready for vbac baby #3!


Arooj A.9/25/2019Hiring Afshan to be our doula was one of the best decisions we made. She was absolutely amazing with her calm demeanor and helpful insights. We were able to have two birth classes with her in addition to a postpartum visit. She was able to alleviate and provide an experienced viewpoint regarding a lot of our worries. With regards to the questions she was available via text or phone whenever we needed her. She kept in contact with us from the moment we were admitted into the hospital for induction. We loved having her as our doula.


Amani8/26/2019From the moment I met afshan I knew I wanted her to be part of my birth experience. She’s super sweet and calm which was exactly what I was looking for and needed. She had my back and was there for me every step of the way. She helped me have the right mindset weeks before I gave birth so I was mentally prepared. She brought positive vibes with her and was super supportive and understanding. My labor was so quick and easy going, I honestly feel her presence was a big part of that. I can’t say enough good things about Afshan. I loved her as a doula and truly love her as a friend. 


Kathleen S7/1/2019Working with Afshan was great. We felt really comfortable with her, especially after visiting for prenatal visits. We did not have a doula for our first child and that labor took 2 days! For our second child, we are really glad we had Afshan and the labor was just 4 hours. We really appreciate Afshans help and experience. She was really great at communicating throughout the process, even when I went into labor in the middle of the night. We would whole heartedly recommend her.


Marilys6/28/2019Words cannot describe how much I appreciate Afshan. I recall coming across her profile and wanting to work with her for two major reasons - she had 2 VBACs and she was a woman of color. As a Latina looking for my first VBAC, I found that having providers of various diverse backgrounds was extremely helpful in assuring a well-rounded experience. I booked her immediately after a long phone call where she instantly made me feel at ease. Before this, with my first birth, I thought it would be so intrusive to have a “stranger” at my birth and did not get a doula. That is far from reality, a doula is there to support you and your partner and it took the pressure off of my husband. I watched a natural birth video and it was so hard to hear the woman cry out in pain and I couldn't imagine how hard that was for my husband to watch and not be able to do anything; during my first birth. With Afshan’s help, not only did my husband and I both learn, through her Gentle Birth course, how to approach my pain but also holistic ways to alleviate my pain. She empowered him and educated him in a way that made me feel so much support in the final weeks of pregnancy and during labor. During my labor, she was instrumental in helping me labor at home as long as possible, and at the hospital, she was always making sure I kept my peace through the chaos. Ultimately, I got my VBAC, and feel confident that she played a major role in helping me get there. Thank you Afshan!


GABRIELA CALDERON6/27/2019Afshan was worth every penny! From the moment we first spoke on the phone, I felt like I was talking to an old friend. Afshan was able to provide great advice and resources throughout my pregnancy. On the day of my labor, she was there to help talk me off the ledge (haha) when my labor took a different turn. She was calm, reassuring and well informed. I look forward to working with her again! 


Tayeba Shaikh Alhoch6/25/2019My experience with Afshan could not have been better. She was extremely professional, warm and supportive. Throughout my pregnancy she stayed connected with me, her appointment's prior to labor were informative and helpful. I felt I could reach out at any moment throughout the pregnancy and pick her brain, or simply relay my concerns and questions. My labor was particularly challenging and long and Afshan came and stayed with me from Friday afternoon to Saturday morning when my daughter was born.  We couldn't have asked for a better support than Afshan throughout this journey and would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a doula. 


Jennifer5/20/2019My husband and I are so grateful for Afshan. She was a tremendous support and source of knowledge for us - starting with the preparatory conversations and meetings all the way up to delivery. Those initial meetings really helped us feel empowered and prepared for what was to come ahead. The day of delivery she helped us remain calmed and focused. My husband has said that to date Afshan has been the best “investment” we have made. I feel so blessed to have had her along with us in this journey. 


Stephanie Laudone Jones4/22/2019From our first phone conversation, I knew Afshan would be our doula. Her warm and calm demeanor made me feel supported and understood. Afshan came to our home for an in-depth prenatal visit, where she answered any questions or concerns I had, discussed my preferences and plans for birth and went over tools and techniques for labor and pain management. This really helped my husband and I feel comfortable and ready to labor at home, on our own, for as long as we could.Once I entered the last weeks of pregnancy, Afshan checked in often. As my due date came and passed, she offered reassurance and addressed my concerns about possible induction. When I did go into labor, 6 days past my due date, Afshan was immediately available via text, offering words of encouragement and support. She checked in throughout the day until we agreed to meet at the hospital later that evening. Afshan got to the hospital before we did and jumped in to support as soon as I got out of the car. Her knowledge and experience with the hospital was really helpful and she handled the check in process with me as my husband parked the car and I worked through contractions. She remained a steady and calming presence throughout my entire labor, supporting me and guiding my husband so that he could be as involved and supportive as he wanted to be. When I had a hard time managing the pain of back labor, Afshan was right there, doing counter pressure and massage through each contraction and offering position changes and techniques to try and turn the baby. When I eventually requested an epidural, which was not in my birth plan, Afshan's supportive presence me feel comfortable and secure in my decision. I was especially appreciative of her encouragement when it came time to pushing and know her support helped us achieve my goal of a successful VBAC! Afshan is a warm, intuitive and resourceful doula and I can't recommend her enough.


Aliyah Hakim-EL11/27/2018When I initially called Afshan to inquire about her services I was relieved to find that she was very patient and helpful. When we met in person, she was pleasant and had a very warm personality. She answered all my questions and sent me informative reading materials and videos to prepare me for the journey of motherhood. At our prenatal visit, Afshan covered all the necessary topics such as birthing positions, breastfeeding, labor exercises and we put together a detailed birth plan which reflected my ideal delivery. Afshan really helped me get over many of my fears and convinced me that I could have an all natural birth as I had hoped for. I went into labor a week before my due date. On saturday morning around 8 am I called Afshan and in no time she was at my door ready to help me through the very painful contractions. She guided me through helpful pain relieving exercises with the use of a birthing ball, massaged my lower back and helped me time the frequency of the contractions. She also guided me through heavy breathing exercises and used essential oils, which also helped with my breathing. All of these exercises made the contractions easier to bear. Around noon the contractions were closer together and we headed to the hospital. Only 3 cms dilated at that time, i was discharged and told to come back a few hours later. Afshan gave me reassurance that I would dilate quickly and that my baby would be coming soon. By around 6 pm I headed back to the hospital and was dilated enough to stay in the hospital. Along with my husband, Afshan was my voice through the labor, letting doctors know what I wanted. She never left my side through it all. On sunday morning at 1:52 am my son was born. With the help of Afshan I delivered a healthy baby, all natural with no epidural. I felt like a superwoman! I cannot thank Afshan enough for her patience and I am so happy that I had her support on one of the most important days of my life.


Erica Nagel11/1/2018Having Afshan as our doula was an absolutely incredible experience. We had been on the fence for a while about whether a doula was essential to our birth experience, but as soon as we met Afshan we knew it was the right choice to work with her. Her calm, kind, warm demeanor made us feel comfortable right away, and her level of expertise, training, and experience meant we were n excellent hands. In the last months of my pregnancy, Afshan checked in and offered advice for whatever I needed - including great suggestions to help with specfic aches and pains. No question was too small or too obscure - she always had helpful thoughts to offer and made me feel heard and understood.  My husband and I also did a day-long Gentle Birth training with her and it made a huge difference in feeling prepared and confident for birth. I would highly recommend the package that includes that day of training - it is so muhc more comprehensive and valuable than other childbirth classes! Some people worry that a doula will replace the role of your partner as a support person, but Afshan's guidance really helped my husband be an amazing part of the process. Both during the gentle birth training and at the birth itself, she not only supported me, but also supported him by giving him a variety of tools and techniques to help me through labor. She gave him the confidence that he was fully prepared and able to help me. On the day of the birth, Afshan was, as always, calm and positive with a perfect mix of helping me move through the experience in my own way and offering excellent guidance and suggestions from her deep well of expertise. I felt protected and supported with her there, and ended up having a totally empowering and loving birth experience. Afshan is a wonderful doula and a truly lovely person with a passion for this work. You will be so lucky to work with her as you prepare for your birth!


Essma Ezzeddine10/26/2018Afshan was absolutely wonderful and accommodating from the very beginning . She listened to our wants and answered any questions we had . She consistently followed up prior to the birth to see how I was doing and if we needed anything . When it came time for the labor she guided me on what questions to ask in order to ensure  that I was able to follow my birth plan . Additionally, she came to the hospita the night I was induced in order to show support , answer our questions, and come up with a plan .  Once I went into labor she helped guide me in order to ease the pain and was very kind and patient the entire time . I wouldn't have been able to follow my birth plan without her. I am very very grateful that I had her there and am happy she was part of our special day .After the birth of our daughter she followed up to see if we needed any assistance with baby wearing , breastfeeding etc.. I'm very glad we hired Afshan and  I will be hiring her for my future pregnancies. She is incredibly kind , patient , dedicated, and supportive ! I highly recommend her and will recommended her to friends of mine!


Misheal A10/21/2018When I first found out I was pregnant I was on the fence about whether or not I should have a doula to support me during pregnancy and childbirth- looking back now having Afshan as my doula was undoubtedly the best decision ever. I had nine+  months of continuous support and positive feedback for every thing I was nervous about as a first time mom (and that's a lot!). The night my water broke I called Afshan before I even called my doctor. She hleped me stay calm and told me what to do and came to my house in the middle of the night to help me labor at home. Just her presence is so calming, she is extremely well versed and knowledgeable about what she does and she managed to make my labor and delivery a very positive experience for me and my husband. Her experience with gentlebirth and emphasis on mindfulness during pregnancy, labor and beyond taught me lessons that I hope to carry with me well into motherhood. I truly don't know what I would have done without Afshan and the number one thing I tell every expecting mother is to get a supportive doula!


K Trenosky8/22/2018It was such a pleasure to have Afahan as part of my support system towards the end of my pregnancy. She was always available and responsive to answer any questions I had.During labor she was a great help helping me with pain relief and coaching my husband to help me too. She made the room extra special with candles and music.I highly recommend Afshan. I couldn’t have had a better doula!!


Elaine Diasparra-Bucci4/6/2018My husband and I met with Afshan several weeks before our delivery.  From the moment she said hello, we knew we were in the Best hands.  My pregnancy had some complications (two vessel cord and the baby had a heart defect), so needless to say, we were extremely nervous about how the delivery would go.  Afshan took all of our worries into consideration as well as all of our goals to make this the best birth experience.  Afshan was always available by phone and willing to give me any advice and pointers on how to be more comfortable towards the end of my pregnancy.  She continued to follow up with my doctor appointments to see my progression.The day that my contractions started, Afshan had already been a part of two births.  She still came to my bedside with all of the aromatherapy we had spoken about and immediately jumped in to help me through my labor.  She helped keep my husband calm as well as guide me through my fears.  My goal was to have a non medicated birth and because of her I was able to do that.  When I didn’t think I could anymore, she helped me find strength.  We cannot put into words the gratitude and love that we feel for Afshan.  I will never forget her loving support.Elaine and John


Shazia Aslam2/27/2018I was so glad that I had Afshan by my side. Even though I had a c section, she was extremely helpful... And kept me calm throughout the surgery.


Kristen Faigle1/2/2018I highly recommend Afshan Abbasi for anyone interested in hiring a Doula. Afshan starts being on call for you at 36 weeks and she always quickly responded to emails, phone calls, and text messages. She is extremely knowledgeable in the labor and delivery process and she was always able to answer any questions that I had.During my labor process, Afshan set up the delivery room with candles and a diffuser which helped to make the room a calming environment. Her knowledge on positions to enhance labor and pain management techniques including massage and acupressure greatly helped me throughout my labor process. She was always by my side and together with my husband, Afshan was the perfect team to help me through my labor and to enhance my birthing experience.


Ameena Hasan12/8/2017Words cannot express our gratitude for your unwavering support during our fourth birthing experience. When my water broke at 37 weeks, I immediately contacted Afshan to let her know of the situation. She kept me calm and asked me questions to get a feel for what was going on. She advised I rest and checked on me frequently to see if things progressed. My husband and I reached the hospital at midnight. Moments later Afshan walked in the room with a big smile - from that moment I knew my worries were lifted. She created a relaxed ambiance with LED candles, an essential oil diffuser, and peaceful background music. She was there by my side the entire time, making sure I was comfortable and reminding me to stay hydrated to up my energy levels. She helped me relax during the contractions and advised me to change positions. Without medication, Afshan's soothing words and massages helped me mangage the pain tremendously. We will forever treasure this special birthing experience thanks to Afshan - for all her support, love and commitment! A doula is ... "one who mothers the mother," and that is exactly what Afshan did. She was truly a blessing for my family and I.With lots of love and sincere thanks, Ameena


Catherine Ramos10/25/2017Having Afshan as my doula during my labor was one of the best decisions I made. From the moment she arrives the room feels calmer. She set out some battery candles and aromatherapy which made the room feel more home-like and peaceful. Because I was induced I was experiencing very strong and frequent contractions but Afshan had so much knowledge about accupressure and talking me through them and helping me use visualization to cope with the pain. Although I eventually requested an epidural, Afshan stayed with me through getting the epidural and then massaged me through an episode of the shakes. She also recommened I use a peanut ball for the remainder of my labor and this knowledge proved to help me dilate quickly where I was pushing earlier than we thought! Having Afshan with you will only enhance your birthing experience!


Simone Lewis5/19/2017Afshan came recommended to me by my midwife when i was 36 weeks pregnant. My husband and I was not sure about using a doula since we were afraid it would take away from the bonding moment we want to share as we labor and deliver our baby girl. Afshan was absolutely understanding and supportive.  We decided to use her and it was one of the best decisions we made. She came to the hospital as soon as I needed her and brought a bag of items to support our natural birthing experience. Her gentle voice and words of encouragement really helped me get through the labor. My husband was happy to have her when he needed to rest and was amazed at her dedication to us. We are truly grateful to have found her and would use her again, if I am brave enough to go for a 4th baby :-)


Haya Tirmizi5/16/2017Afshan is truly an amazing doula! My husband and I cannot recommend anyone better! She has a wealth of knowledge and was very supportive and nurturing during labor and postpartum. I cannot stress how much we appreciated having her as we prepared to welcome our first child!