DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
8 TESTIMONIALS

Ashley Tancredi

Sacred Birth Rite

Washington, NJ  Service range 50 miles

https://linktr.ee/ sacredbirthrite

Birth Fee

$775 to $2200

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $65

Black Doula Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

Availability Remarks: 24/7 phone and zoom availability. Meetings will be scheduled and can be rescheduled if needed. 3 meetings prior to birth could be in person or via zoom.

CONTACT ASHLEY VIEW ASHLEY'S AVAILABILITY

Colby10/14/2022Having Ashley's knowledge, support and maternal wisdom in my back pocket as my distance doula has been incredibly valueable in this pregnancy! As a free birthing mama herself, she sees the desires of Mama and offers her guidance in a beautifully intuitive and respectful way. Any family to have Ashley as their birth doula has found an absolute gem in the birth work field! 


Elaina Chamberlain10/14/2022Ashley came into my life by fate. God knew exactly what I needed when she came up to me at a party and asked me if I was pregnant. There aren't enough characters allowed to explain the feeling I had in that moment, but know that I felt safe in  Ashley's presence. So, I hired her and had the labor & delivery of my dreams. Her knowledge helped me navigate through my first pregnancy with ease and confidence! She not only teaches you, she advocates for you! She is a team player and will have your back no matter what! I love this woman! 


Bridget Lalko5/17/2022Ashley has helped me to relactate in light of the present formula shortage. So many hungry babies meant I couldn't go about this with any other Doula or lactation consultant. SO glad I chose Ashley! 


Elizabeth5/17/2022There's not enough amazing things I can say about Ashley! If you're looking for a doula look no further. Ive spoken to other women who had doulas and I feel terrible that they weren't like mine! Ashley was so attentive to mine and my partners needs. From our first official meeting I realized that it's not just labor and birth I needed to work through. Ashley helped us work through our own personal traumas in a really beautiful way. She uses lots of different instruments that ate used for meditation and energy healing. Let me tell you if it wasn't for that I don't think I would have gotten my homebirth! Actually I know for a fact that without Ashley this experience would have never happened for me.i am so grateful to Ashley she's a part of our family now! The birthworld needs her!


Megan5/14/2022Ashley is one of my bestfriends, so having her as my doula was an instant decision when I found out I was pregnant. This was my first and I really didn't know how much support a doula gives during pregnancy, labor, birth and postpartum. We did meditations and sound baths during my last trimester, she helped me with my birth plan and listened to what I wanted. She gave insight on things during birth and labor I was unaware of. I was in labor for 38 hours, she came to my house and guided me through my contractions and helping me dilate. After 30 hours I met my midwifes at morristown hospital and Ashley came shortly after. I labored in the tub for hours and she was right next to me the whole time. Massaging me with essential oils, holding my hand, placing a wash cloth on my chest and back as needed, helping me out of the tub when I wanted, and placing counter pressure on my back when I was ready to give up. She was my birth partner, beyond anything I could have imagined a doula can give at that moment. She held my hand as my son came earth side, i can still see it all so vivid. The next day she encapsulated my placenta as well as gifted me a painting of it, with a gift bag of tinctures and herbs for post recovery baths. I could not have done it without her. 


Kristin Viola5/14/2022I can't say enough good things about Ashley. She is so knowledgeable. When I made the decision to encapsulate my placenta I knew she was the perfect person to work with. It was the best decision I ever made. It 100% helped my postpartum depression and anxiety and I continue to take them 9 months postpartum to help with energy. She made the process so seamless and within 24 hours of giving birth she had already had my placenta encapsulated and delivered to the hospital to take home with me. Highly recommend!


Starr5/13/2022Ashley is so sweet! Not only did she give me memorable art of my baby's placenta and encapsulate it into capsules and tinctures, she also included self care items for me to relax such as body scrub and mask. Even a cute little quartz crystal inside. The tinctures infused with Shea butter couldn't  have came in better timing it really help my son with a bad diaper rash and his dry skin. It's been a life saver and I'm so happy I was able to get such quick and excellent service! 


Elaina Chamberlain5/13/2022Meeting Ashley was a true testimony of how wonderful God's blessings truly are! Before we met, I only heard about doulas in passing. I knew they were a helping hand for mothers, but I knew nothing more than that. Ashley, however, was much more than that! She was a second soul for me! She felt my needs ever before I knew what they were. I know that not all doulas are like Ashley, and in my opinion, that is unfortunate. Her support is unmatched in my book. She is a wealth of knowledge and speaks highly and truthfully of what she knows! Because of Ashley, I get comfortable during my pregnancy, and my labor and delivery! I am certain my experience would have been very different had she not been my doula. I am forever grateful for her!