DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
3 TESTIMONIALS

Autumn Reeves

Serenity Birth Services of NJ

Hopatcong, NJ  Service range 35 miles  Please contact for consult based on location if outside range

9176766997

https://www.serenitybirthservicesnj.com/

Birth Fee

$1600 to $2000

CONTACT AUTUMN VIEW AUTUMN'S AVAILABILITY

Criselda Trillana7/31/2021My experience with Autumn was truly fantastic. I had a traumatic delivery with my first child and had a ton of anxiety with my second. Autumn really helped calm me down just by listening and offering her knowledge. She was there for every phone call, text, and Zoom meeting. She answered all my questions and always checked in on me. She was willing to go above and beyond to make sure I had a better delivery this time around. I'm so grateful to have worked with her and would recommend her services to all expecting mamas out there. ??


Lisa Justice6/19/2020Autumn was so wonderful work with through the whole process of my daughters birth.  She supported me before, during and even after the birth!  She is a great person, and felt like family, was easy to have her there during most vulnerable moments. She was so knowledgeable and provided information and resources to help me make decisions, without ever pushing me, she advocated for my wants and needs and always helped me feel in control. My husband and was so happy to have her during the birth as she took the stress off of him so he could be fully present and supportive of me too.  I highly recommend her!


Rebecca Lladoc6/15/2020I had a beautiful successful VBAC at St. Luke's Bethlehem in PA with the help of Autumn Brown in January 2020. Autumn was extremely informative. I was very determined not to be forced into a repeat csection. She was gentle, knowledgeable, supportive, and extremely positive all while keeping my health and safety a priority as we nagivated through my birth. She is a great listener, very diligent and stayed and supported me for my long long labor and worked alongside my husband as a team to help me together. She provided me with suggestions and tools to make me more comfortable and empowered and supported me through all the medical decisions I had to make. Also after and before birth she was very communicative and helpful. She is so passionate about birth and making sure moms are informed and comfortable with their birth experience. I will never deliver without a doula again and will always refer Serenity Birth Services to others. I loved my birth!