DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
8 TESTIMONIALS

Bloom Baby Doulas

Wayne, NJ  Service range 40 miles

(973) 559-7221

https://www.bloombabydoulas.com

Birth Fee

$600 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $65

CONTACT SEARCH AGENCY DOULAS

Shayna3/20/2023Kim Ebel was my post partum doula through Bloom Baby Doulas and she is incredible!! She was there for me during my most delicate and vulnerable days post partum. I had a difficult delivery and when I got home in TONS of pain with no idea how I would care for a newborn and also myself, she was there and I just felt like everything was going to be OK. She was there for my baby and husband and showed us so many things we didn't know as first time parents! She has so much expertise since she is also a NICU nurse, but also a special touch and happy personality to make anyone feel at ease, even when they are stressed and sleep deprived. You can really tell she has such a passion for babies and helping mamas, too.  I was so sad to say goodbye on our last day and wish I could have her with me every day! We miss her so much! Best PP doula ever.


Aarti1/8/2023Working with Bloom Baby has been an immense pleasure and we couldn't have navigated our prenatal and postpartum journey without the support of Caitlyn and Sarah and the bloom baby affiliated doulas (Kelley, Maria, Alena). Bloom Baby has been a vital resource for us and we highly recommend them to any expecting and new parents. Caitlyn and Sarah, (aside from their own amazing prenatal, birth and postpartum services) take the stress out of finding the appropriate help necessary for new parents and have a wonderful network of kind, caring, well qualified doulas for every need. We highly recommend them to anyone looking to hire a doula.


Aarti11/28/2021Bloom Baby Doulas matched us with Kelley, a wonderful overnight doula who provided much needed support to our little family when we were struggling the most. When Kelley was here we knew our little one was well taken care of and we could finally get one solid night of sleep. Her presence provided relief and rest for my husband who was taking care of our newborn and me while I was recovering from the birth. I knew we had chosen well when on one of her visits my baby immediately smiled at her and began cooing and talking to her. We always looked forward to her visits! Bloom Baby made it super easy to find the support we needed and I highly recommend their services.


Jane D8/22/2021Working with Bloom Baby Doulas was an excellent experience. I appreciated how organized it was to fill out the form and then have doulas reach out to me. The administrative side was stellar and the communication and billing aspects were well done. As for our postpartum doula, Joanna Taylor was the perfect person to be with me and my family in the postpartum days. I knew I'd need support with my toddler as we welcomed our new baby into the family, and Joanna did an excellent job connecting with my son and suggesting ways we could make the transition better for him. Joanna also knew what to say to make me feel confident and supported, two very important things postpartum, no matter how many children you may have. My partner started traveling for work when my baby was a few weeks old, and having Joanna there kept me sane and kept our house running smoothly. I'm so grateful for her professionalism and how genuinely warm and caring she is. Joanna always knew what I needed and offered help sometimes before I even knew I needed it. I look forward to keeping in touch with her, and I would HIGHLY recommend her.


Sarah & Nick3/31/2021We had a very positive experience. Cheryl Klugmann came on as a postpartum doula on short notice because of complications after delivery. I was hospitalized with a kidney infection and sepsis less than a week after giving birth. I needed an extra hand as I healed. She was with us for a week while my husband was at work. Cheryl not only helped me with my newborn, but also assisted with my 2 year old son (they became best buddies). Cheryl assisted with my self care, breastfeeding, diet, and techniques to keep the baby calm. She helped me see that I cannot take proper care of my children without taking care of myself. I consider her not only an expert I can still call on, but also a friend.


Trisha Daniels1/7/2021My postpardum doula was Joanna Taylor and I cannot say enough about how amazing her support, knowledge and professionalism were. I would recommend her to any expecting family for help with breastfeeding, sleep advice, help around the house during her visits, newborn care and emotional support. Having her to call and text right after my baby was born was so helpful while I was learning to navigate being a new mom. Even after our first phone call it felt like we'd been friends for years and when she visited our talks about life and babies were more needed than I could've imagined. My advice? hire Joanna as your postpartum doula!!


Meg11/22/2019This was my first full term pregnancy and I was already seeing a midwife group, but I wanted a doula. I found my doula Ana and immediately hit it off! Ana was so down to earth and knowledgeable. The most important thing was that Ana was supportive! I do not think I could have had such an easy labor or delivery process without her. She stayed until we were moved to the mother baby room. I had some complications after delivery and if it weren't for Ana, I would have been left to deal with it alone (my spouse was busy with our baby.) Even my spouse agreed that we were so lucky to have Ana to help us through my pregnancy and labor.   


Julie10/29/2019My husband and I had a great experience with Bloom Baby. Our post-partum doula, Maria Elena Baez, met us at home after we were discharged from the hospital. Over the course of several visits she was instrumental in getting us settled, soothing nerves, building confidence, and setting a tone of calm loving energy for our baby's first weeks of life. Whether she was teaching us how to hold, wash, diaper, swaddle, or burp the baby, or preparing tea or poached apples or chicken soup, or making the bed or tidying the baby's laundry, or providing a gentle massage with coconut oil, or engaging in an empathetic conversation about first-time parent anxieties, Maria was very skilled and warm and helpful. We benefited greatly from her care and I highly recommend her services 