DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
7 TESTIMONIALS

Cristina Ramos

Mammissi Birth Services

Flemington, NJ  Service range 90 miles  None

833-872-4784

http://www.mammissi.org

Birth Fee

$1800 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $65

Black Doula

CONTACT CRISTINA VIEW CRISTINA'S AVAILABILITY

Janaisha11/20/2020Cristina was amazing. My husband and I cannot say enough amazing things about her. She guided us every step of the way, even days after birth with random questions. She made my husband feel included and encouraged him to step in as much as possible. She ensured we felt safe and at peace. 


Abigail Hernandez9/24/2020When my husband and I started planning for our second baby, I knew I needed a doula to help me achieve the birth goals I truly wanted and missed out on the first time around. Cristina came recommended by my Birth Center and immediately upon meeting and talking with her, there was a great connection. I didn't even need to meet other doulas and I have no regrets. I knew she was the one that I wanted in my birthing space. Throughout my entire pregnancy, she answered all of my questions, continuously educated, and really helped boost my confidence. During our prenatal visits, she always made sure my husband was included so that he can feel confident enough to support me when the time came as well. While in labor, she came through with her essential oils, techniques, and I couldn't have loved her any more. During transition and pushing, when I said I couldn't do it, she looked me in the eyes and said YOU'RE ALREADY DOING IT. Cristina is a 10/10 doula recommendation and I'm so thankful for her companionship during the labor and delivery of my second born. 


Rayya8/22/2019Having Christina as part of my birth team was one of the best decisions that I could have made for the birth of my child. She was like a part of the family that relaxed me,  coached me,  and advocated my needs to the medical staff. She added to my successful VBAC and gave me the birth story that I always wanted to have. My family and I are so grateful to her. 


Erica D-C7/31/2019When my husband and I first found out we were pregnant we knew we wanted to have an educated empowering birth. We both had friends and family members who shared their traumatic birth experience with us. We began our search for a doula at 12 weeks. We interviewed three doulas and instantly knew Cristina was the perfect fit for us.During our pregnancy we had many questions and concerns. It was important for us to feel confident throughout this process. She empowered us to ask the right questions and even interview alternate providers. I am so happy she did this because we ended up changing providers at 20 weeks.Our prenatal visits with Cristina were so helpful and we left with a plethora of information. My husband greatly appreciated the daddy specific hand outs and questions she had for us during these visits. On the day I went into labor we reached out to her in the middle of the night. We kept her posted and she told us exactly what to expect while she prepared to head over to our home. I labored at home without fear thanks to Cristina. She provided us with the knowledge and confidence that I could do this. We took our time getting to the hospital and by the time we got there I was already 5cm! While much of my birth didn't go as planned I was very happy with my birth experience. Our little on arrived safely just ten hours after we arrived to the hospital. Cristina stood with us throughout and even after labor. It was so special to receive her notes from labor with a timeline and photos. We are able to really cherish our birth. My family and I are so thankful for Cristina and her unwavering support during pregnancy, labor and beyond.


Ariana Rodriguez8/10/2018Working with Cristina was great! She was full of knowledge, gave me and my husband a ton of resources during our prenatal Appts and put a lot of our fears at ease. During the actual labor and birth, she was there the entire time and offered me and my husband so much support. He loved having her there as a person to lean on when he wasn’t sure of his next steps. She helped breakdown all the options our midwife offered and helped us come up with appropriate next steps. We both felt so much more confident having her apart of this experience.


Kelly Tavarez8/10/2018Cristina is an amazing doula! Both my husband and I can attest to Cristina’s ability and knowledge. Her presence during the birth of our daughter was a tremendous help. This was our first pregnancy and we both wanted to have an experienced and encouraging coach to help us along the way. In addition, I wanted to complete childbirth naturally with no medication. Cristina was helpful in educating us in what to expect in the weeks leading up to the birth, the childbirth process itself, and what to expect postpartum. Our daughter, Trinity, was born at the Pascack Valley hospital. Cristina was very professional and nurturing throughout the labor and delivery. I found her coaching, and knowledge to be superior to my nurses. Cristina was quick to suggest laboring positions and to ask questions and make suggestions that were in my best interest. In addition to her active coaching, Cristina also provided music, dimmed the lights and massage. Cristina helped us achieve our ideal labor and delivery. Trinity was born naturally as I wanted. Cristina was a great cheerleader in moments where I thought I would not be able to deliver the baby. She is awesome and we recommend her highly. Thanks so much Cristina!


G. M. Asenjo7/10/2018Having Cristina by my side during my pregnancy was the best decision I made. She was wise, caring and compassionate during my pregnancy, labor and continued to help even once the baby was born. These are just some of the reasons why I LOVE MY DOULA!!* She is knowledgeable about the women's body, always available to answer my random "first time mom" questions.* Able to recommend specific vitamins and exercises to help keep me and baby healthy during my pregnancy* Recommended that I create a Birth Plan to make sure the birth goes the way that I want and constantly reminded me that this is my body and my baby and that the doctors and hospitals have to respect that.* The MOST IMPORTANT thing and what I valued the most was that she was there for my worry ward husband and his 10001 questions and was able to make him feel calm and comfortable during the whole experience.* She was there for my 24+ hour labor and was there to take control once my husband was about to faint and needed to step away from the action...lol* Cristina was also my voice in the hospital. She was asking all of the questions that I hadn't even thought of to make sure that everything went well with the birth of my child.* Once I was home with the baby she was able to coach me thru the challenges of breastfeeding. Providing recommendations on what to eat/drink and a pumping schedule to help produce more milk.My husband and I are planning on having another baby and Cristina will definitely be our Doula again!!