DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
21 TESTIMONIALS

Denise Ramirez

Cihuayotl Xochitl Birth/Postpartum

Union City, NJ  Service range 15 miles

Birth Fee

$800 to $1300

Postpartum Rate

$25 to $50

Availability Remarks: Overnight newborn care available.

CONTACT DENISE VIEW DENISE'S AVAILABILITY


                                
                                    Kate
                                    6/12/2023
                                
                                
                                    I don’t know what we would have done without Denise! From the day we arrived home after the delivery of our daughter, Denise was a critical part of keeping our daughter and family healthy and happy, and making those first few months so much more manageable. She was exceptional with our daughter and gave her the best  care. She offered invaluable advice and support to me and my husband, and seamlessly fit in with our family and quickly became part of it! She is highly trustworthy, communicative, reliable and passionate about her work and the families she supports. Working with Denise was the best decision we’ve made yet for our growing family’s care and to ensure the best start to our life as new parents.  
                                
                            



                                
                                    Jen
                                    4/25/2023
                                
                                
                                    As a first time mom, I definitely needed full support outside of family and close friends. Denise has been a tremendous support and even when OB doctor has not been providing a valid answers, Denise has provided me extensive knowledge and resources. Also, recommended exercises during pregnancy as a preparation for birth, understood and acknowledged my concerns. Although I felt extremely anxious during my birth, Denise has been extremely patient and ensured things go according to plan and respected my decisions when plans changed. Even on postpartum days, she has been available to make sure I'm alright emotionally and physically as well as my baby, and provided breastfeeding tips when i was concerned. Definitely grateful for this wonderful experience. Thank you Denise!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Michele
                                    11/7/2022
                                
                                
                                    Denise is an incredible doula and I recommend her to anyone. I had a particularly hard situation, unexpectedly navigating the pregnancy by myself, and Denise had total sensitivity to the physical, practical, and emotional sides. So anyone who is looking for a doula who is nonjudgmental, supportive, and sensitive to your unique situation, in addition to also being impressive, knowledgeable, experienced, and providing plenty of pregnancy resources, Denise is for you. As well: if you will be without a companion.
Denise taught me breathing techniques that got me through labor. She figured out that my epidural only distributed to one side of my body when the nurses had assumed I was in pain for a different reason. She applied pressure to my body to get me through the physical pain and kept me centered psychologically. She adapted to my schedule and was incredibly thoughtful and helpful in all our meetings. She is wonderful with babies too. I plan on keeping in touch. I can't imagine what my experience would have been without her. Thank you, Denise!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Marin D.
                                    1/15/2022
                                
                                
                                    Denise was an incredible doula for us this past October. I'm a first time mom and felt overwhelmed by all the information to know and newness of the pregnancy and birth experience. She supported us in every way and I can't imagine having done it without her. She was so available for all our questions, the full labor, birth, and postpartum. A number of issues came up during my birth at the hospital and I am so grateful to have had her help navigating the experience. It was great to be able to have her by my side answering any questions that came up, sharing her medical knowledge, and providing non-judgmental support. Her warmth and care combined with her extensive knowledge of the birth experience and medical landscape, makes her an amazing doula and I would definitely recommend her to anyone looking!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Nancy Lee
                                    11/20/2020
                                
                                
                                    I would describe Denise as a lifesaver...or better yet an angel! I am a first time mom and decided to work with a doula to give myself some peace of mind, since neither my partner or I had any idea what to expect. My labor came quicker than expected and the doula I planned to work with was unable to be with me so she called Denise to be my backup doula. Without any notice, Denise got to my place very quickly and jumped right in. When she arrived, I was already in active labor, very scared and in a massive amount of pain. Denise was able to slow down my breathing and calm me down. For someone who didn't know what to expect, Denise came in like a pro - I felt so comfortable with her, especially since this is probably the most vulnerable I've ever been in my life. She never hesitated and instead just went with the flow. It was time to go to the hospital and she jumped right in the car and helped me labor all the way to the hospital (30 minute drive), which was not an easy task. Once we got to the hospital, she didn't leave my side and held my hand the entire time. I honestly have no idea what I would have done without her. And for someone that didn't know me at all, come in at the last minute and make me feel comfortable at this stressful time...well I would say she's amazing! I 100% recommend Denise for any doula needs!!!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Megan 
                                    9/9/2020
                                
                                
                                    Denise came highly recommended as a night doula. I virtually met with her when I was around 35 weeks pregnant and immediately felt at ease. She was very flexible about what the schedule would be which made me feel good since I wasn’t sure what I would need. After birth, my son was in the NICU for a week, and my husband and I were nervous about bringing him home the first couple of weeks. Denise’s unwavering flexibility and supportive nature made us feel great. She was very responsive, on time, and non-judgmental. I felt my son was in excellent hands while my husband and I were able to get some rest. I couldn’t recommend Denise more, she’s fantastic!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Talia
                                    8/13/2020
                                
                                
                                    I originally had another doula that I was planning to work with, but she was scheduled to be out of town for 2 weeks around my due date. I reached out to Denise and told her that I was looking to utilize hypnobirthing techniques and have a natural birth. When we met she came prepared with her hypnobirthing books and told me all about her use of the practice. She was reassuring and amazingly helpful throughout the process. When I went into labor she was there as soon as I requested her and kept me comfortable and focused on the calming practices. She gave lots of good advice on how to make the pregnancy and birthing easier, and it definitely helped. She respected what I wanted at every turn and helped me bring a beautiful baby boy into the world.  I couldn't have asked for a more perfect match. I can't say enough good things about her and her service. Seven months later and she still checks in. Choose her. You won't regret it. 
 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Stephanie
                                    8/11/2020
                                
                                
                                    Denise is such an amazing nanny! She was our night nanny after I had twin baby girls. My husband and I knew nothing about babies and she was so knowledgable and was such an amazing help. She explained what was happening with their development as they grew and really helped ease the transition into parenting. We asked her so many questions which she was happy to answer. She would also send us articles that pertained to the questions so we could read more about them. She would also send us links to different products she recommended which was really helpful! She has such a calm demeanor the babies took to her right away. That calm energy helped me quite a bit as a new mom who was really overwhelmed and scared of alot of things. She was always on time and is a great communicator- she would text us every night to confirm she was coming. We loved her so much we asked her to be our nanny during the day when I went back to work. I didnt want anyone else to watch them but her! She was our day nanny until covid hit and I was furloughed. We miss her so much and I can not say enough good things about her! 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Denise THirkill
                                    8/14/2017
                                
                                
                                    I instantly felt comfortable after meeting denise for the first time. She is very nice and the fact that she has two children of her own made me feel secure, because she went through it herself. It was very important for me to have a natural child birth, a nice birth setting, and denise supported me in all aspects. She never told me that I cannot do it instead she gave me courage.
During birth she gave me ice cubs, heated up rice packs for back pain support, gave me water, helped me to go to the bathroom, massaged my back....I am also very thankful of her supporting me after my birth, if it was baby sitting while I was at work, or meeting up with me for the post prenatal visits. Thank you 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Tara Kurian
                                    6/21/2017
                                
                                
                                    My husband and I had such a great experience with Denise - we would highly recommend her to anyone going through a birth experience! She was invaluable - with words of wisdom before, insight around caring for a newborn after, and in helping us during the labor process in the hospital.  
I had to be induced and received pitocin to bring on contractions. I don't think I would have been able to stick to my natural birth plan if she wasn't there providing guidance and support when the contractions got increasingly stronger and faster.  She allowed us to focus on the labor process, and gave us a voice with the doctors and nurses we would not have had otherwise.  As the nurses kept increasing the pitocin drip, she helped me through each of the contractions and suggested different positions to help manage the pain, but also helped my husband with his recommendation that the doctor not increase the pitocin delivery amount; upon which, the nurse figured out that the fetal monitor was situated incorrectly and they slowed down the drip, even removing it completely for a period.  Without Denise, I would have had to get an epidural for pain-management, and there's no telling what other complication she had averted through her experience, understanding and encouragement throughout labor and delivery.  We felt as though we had someone on our side, and we are forever thankful to her for that.
After our baby was born, she helped me with breast feeding and getting the baby to latch, which, even though we saw hospital specialists and had my parents stay in the area, was still extremely helpful. Denise even followed up with us after we got home from the hospital and provided more help and support to my husband and I as we were trying to navigate taking care of our brand new baby! We would highly recommend Denise and would be happy to share perspectives or thoughts with anyone else.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Rosmeyris Estrella
                                    4/9/2017
                                
                                
                                    Doulas are angels sent from heaven
I am so glad I hired Denise as my doula 
she helped me so much through my painful contractions , during birth and postpartum 
I am thankful for her and would recommend her services to anyone 
 
 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Kathy Santana
                                    12/6/2016
                                
                                
                                    Denise was an amazing doula! She was an incredible help to me and my husband in labor. She always knew exactly what to say and when to say it. Although my husband was extremely supportive and loving, we are first time parents and having denise there was very helpful. She prroared us with a lot of documents, a lot of advice, support, education on pregnancy , labor/delivery and postpartum. She knew when to step in and when to let my husband lead. She offered so much support, strength and guidance. She was very gentle and nurturing and also it was helpful that she spoke Spanish because my mom who speaks very little English was able to talk to her. I am grateful to have had a doula like denise, her support and reassurance throughout Milana's birth was truly priceless to us. She is an amazingly caring and patient individual and this shines in her doula skills.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Stefanie Kennedy
                                    12/6/2016
                                
                                
                                    During my third trimester, our baby was measuring ahead at his ultra sounds. Our doctor required tests without explanation and we were concerned that we would be forced into having a C-Section. We wanted to bring in a doula in order to make the birthing process more informed than our prenatal experience. We are so fortunate to have found Denise because she did exactly that. She provided us with resources to better prepare us for labor and delivery. On the big day, she stood by my side the entire time. She made sure I knew my options with respect to medications versus more natural options and did her best to help me stick to our birthing plan. She was integral in making sure I was comfortable and that our baby was delivered the way we had envisioned.
After the baby was born, she remained a big part of our lives. She visited on numerous occasions. She helped us give him his first bath when we were nervous. We struggled with breast feeding and she again provided us with resources so that we could get the help we needed. She would check in regularly to make sure everything was going well and continues to touch base for updates on how the baby is growing and changing.
Throughout the whole process (prenatal, labor/deliver, postpartum), Denise was kind and caring. She never judges. She just makes you and your family feel loved. Of all of the things I might have done differently while pregnant or once the baby was born, I never would change anything about using Denise. Should we have another child, she will be by my side again as I cannot even imagine not having her there.
Should the reader of this review like further information, please ask Denise for my contact information. I would be happy to discuss further.
                                
                            



                                
                                    jacqueline hidalgo
                                    5/3/2016
                                
                                
                                    The best doula ever !!! She is wonderful. I felt very supported emotionally, psychologically mentally and physically. The birth of my daughter was the best experience that I had because Dennise made her unique. Now that my baby is 9 months old. We still keep in touch and any doubt that I have  she is willing to help me  with it. 
 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Juliette Riviere
                                    3/22/2016
                                
                                
                                    Denise is gentle, kind, supportive, trustworthy and resourceful.  She has integrity and experience and she will be a great doula for you if you decide to hire her.  She took excellent care of me while I was preparing for birth, gave me more materials than I had time to read... She was very supportive and soothing during the birth process.  She also guided my husband through the "first child adventure".  
We hired her as  a "full spectrum doula" (ie before, during and after birth) and I especially recommend having her at nights post partum.  So you can get some rest and she can take care of your baby's feeding and diaper change needs.  We had a great experience overall with Denise and I cannot recommend her enough.  She is knowledgeable and not judgemental, she will respect your choices and orient you when you need advice or help. She is also great and gentle with newborns, I felt reassured to have her look after our little boy while we were getting sleep.  Happy to provide more feedback as needed, just ask her and she will connect us.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Jacqueline Schmidt
                                    7/30/2015
                                
                                
                                    Denise was the perfect doula/night nurse for our family. I trusted her 100% with my precious baby boy. She  was punctual, gentle, respectEd our respects, warm, personable, understanding and tender with my baby. She helped us through a monumental time in our lives and we hold a warm place in our heart for her. I highly recommend denisE. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Adilah Yelton
                                    7/25/2015
                                
                                
                                    My husband and I decided to have a home birth and knew we would need some extra support and decided to hire Denise as our doula. It was a perfect fit! She was super flexible with her schedule and made several trips out to meet our midwife and see us before my birth as well as after a few times. She was very helpful in giving us information on active labour, stretches and exercises I can do during my pregnancy, breast feeding, baby bathing as well as nutrition/diet tips and herbal tea recommendations. 
Denise arrived at our apartment around 8am, just in time to really help me get through my contractions with constant support and positive reinforcement. It also allowed for my husband to go to the store pick up a few things we needed and get the place ready for my midwife. She followed me around like a mother hen, never leaving my side. She rubbed and massaged my back and breathed with me to help during contractions. She was there to hold my hand and help me into my labor position as I pushed our baby girl out at 12pm! She then stayed for another two-three hours after to help teach me how to properly hold my baby and breastfeed as well as making sure we were comfortable and settled in with our  little new family member.
We cannot thank Denise enough for all that she did. I will definitly be calling her up for our second home birth child.
<3
                                
                            



                                
                                    Deicy J
                                    7/5/2015
                                
                                
                                    My husband and I were nervous expecting our first child and hired Denise as a birth doula. She was very professional, supportive and provided us a lot of information to be prepared for having a natural delivery. At my 39 weeks of pregnancy we had to run to the hospital, and Denise met us there right after. After being under observation for 50 hours, she never left us alone, encouraged us to be strong and positive because soon we will meet our son. During all this long hours of labor she helped me with breathing techniques and emotional support. Unfortunately, due to medical reasons we ended up with a c-section, however Denise was always there for us. During postpartum, she came to visit me at the hospital and at home kept encouraging me for a speedy recovery.
Additionally, she helped me with tips and resources on breastfeeding and calming my baby, was always caring about my son and my health. I highly recommend Denise as a doula, she is knowledgeable, patient, trusted, we are thankful to have her and you will definitely love her.
Charles & Deicy

                                
                            



                                
                                    Amy Kathuria
                                    5/30/2015
                                
                                
                                    Denise is wonderful.  We hired her for postpartum night doula three nights a week.  When our son was born with tongue tie, latch and breast feeding was very difficult.  I was put on a rigourous schedule of nursing, supplementnig and pumping after almost every feeding from my lactation consultant.  This schedule plus caring for our little one resulted in sleep deprivation and exhaustion.  With Denise's caring support I was able to get through this challenging time and keep me on track for breast feeding success.  I would not have been able to get through it without her assistance.  She was always supportive saying "your doing a good job, keep at it"
She has lots of tips/advice on parenting as she is a mother of two.  She loves children and she geniunely cares for the whole family.  She has become part of our family.  She is furthering her studies in Lacatation to be even more of an asset to her clients.  She has knowledge in a lot of other areas as well - baby wearing, cloth diapering, general care of babies...etc....
Love her to pieces and you will too!  Amy & Kai
                                
                            



                                
                                    Av F
                                    4/1/2015
                                
                                
                                    Denise was extremely influential in helping me reach my goal of having an unmedicated natural birth. I wanted to avoid any unnecessary interventions because of the fear that it would lead to a c-section, the one thing that I wanted to avoid. Denise provided informative resources and visited my home for preparation sessions. It was especially great to have Denise provide support because my husband and I don't have any family in the area and since it was our first child, we had no clue what to expect. As soon as I realized that I was in labor, Denise came right over and was by my side throughout the entire process. I found Denise to be extremely genuine and attentive to my needs during this important part of my life and would highly recommend her as a doula.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Goussy Célestin
                                    3/12/2015
                                
                                
                                    Denise lovingly and patiently attended to me and my sons during my postpartum time after birthing my second son at home. She came over and cooked while i bonded with the baby, engaged with my older son, to allow me to rest with baby, help to tidy up so that I could eat and rest. She was such a great help to me and I am grateful to have had her with me during those first few days after the birth. She also gave me a tutorial on babywearing with the rebozo, to allow me to be "hands-free" with both boys at home. I HIGHLY recommend her!!! Any mom/mother-to-be would be blessed to have her patient, warm and knowledgeable guidance and support.
 
Goussy
                                
                            