DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Devon Taber

Belly Bean: Birth Doula and Photography

Belle Mead, NJ  Service range 50 miles

9082950322

Birth Fee

$1250 to $3750

CONTACT DEVON VIEW DEVON'S AVAILABILITY

Jason & Cierra1/11/2022Words can not express how grateful we were to have Devon as our doula. I am not going to lie I was apprehensive about having a doula in the first place.Let me tell you, I was so very wrong. Having her on our team was one of the best decisions that we could have made.She met with us via Zoom in the months prior to see if we were a good fit and to go over what I was envisioning for a birth plan. We instantly clicked and I knew that we had made a great decision. She reviewed my birth plan and made suggestions where necessary based my wishes and her previous experiences.Unfortunately, some unforeseen circumstances happened and I had to be induced early. Although nothing went according to plan Devon came through and was the constant source of strength and stability that I needed. Throughout the birth process there was times that I thought I couldn't do it and ready to throw in the towel. She helped me through it all with all her knowledge and expertise. At the hospital she worked alongside my husband so that he could be the best partner for me.She was always calm and collected even when I couldn't be and her support made all the difference. Even though I didn't get the birth that I had envisioned, we couldn't imagine going though this without her. I truly can not say enough good things about her and can't thank her enough for all the support through this. 


Christina LaFonte1/8/2019We signed up with Devon to be our birth photographer and then ended up adding on her doula services and boy am I glad I did! A doula was never something I even imagined having for my birth but I'm so glad I found Devon and ended up using her because it was the best decision! Devon is sweet, friendly, and caring. She is also very knowledgeable about pregnancy and labor/delivery. We enjoyed getting to know her via text, in person meet ups, and going out to dinner. Devon was super responsive when my water broke and met us at the hospital. She was there for my entire 17 hour labor and then some. She was supportive and calm throughout the day. Her use of massage and counterpressure saved me during intense back labor. She offered her opinions on things happening throughout the day but didn't pressure you to choose one thing over another. She was encouraging and supportive and I felt comfortable with her. My husband was able to get some sleep while she helped me and catered to my needs. Devon kept in close contact with me after the birth to check up on me and even came over bearing a gift about 2 weeks postpartum. I now consider Devon a friend and wouldn't hesitate to reach out to her for advice. I can't wait to see the amazing photos she took from the birth! 


Tracee Currier9/17/2018From my first encounter with Devon I felt incredibly comfortable and like I had known her for years. We hit it off on the phone and once we met in person I knew she would be the perfect fit for me. Devon provided great advice regarding the end of my pregnancy and helped me to achieve the labor experience I had hoped despite having to be induced due to gestational diabetes. She helped guide me through getting induced and allowed me to be more informed in a process that made me super anxious. During labor she was there for me in the way that I needed most. Having her support and presence was very calming. She is a wealth of knowledge and is like having your good friend help you through one of your biggest life events. After delivery she has stayed in touch and is genuinely interested in our well being. I can't recommend Devon enough, she made my son's birth exactly how I had hoped it would be.