DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
4 TESTIMONIALS

Giovonna Clifton

Giovonna Clifton LLC

Woodbury, NJ  Service range 25 miles  Please contact for further travel considerations or options

856-726-1549

Birth Fee

$1500

Postpartum Rate

$55

Black Doula

CONTACT GIOVONNA VIEW GIOVONNA'S AVAILABILITY

Tamar3/3/2023Giovonna was our doula for our second child, and she provided all the guidance and support we were looking for, plus more. She got to know me and my husband and made an effort to thoroughly understand our preferences and hopes for the delivery. She advised us on creating our birth plan and gave tips on how to prepare our home for the arrival of a newborn. She was readily available when I called her in the middle of the night after I began labor a bit earlier than expected (and on Christmas day!). During labor, she provided the strong support I was looking for, engaged me in conversation to distract me through the pain, and cheered me on when it was time to push. She also has given our family invaluable support in the postpartum weeks and months and we continue to keep in touch with her. She has been a wonderful part of our pregnancy, delivery and postpartum experience.


Tanisha Rivera8/30/2021I met Giovanna at 38 weeks pregnant because of my boyfriends aunt. She was really good friends with her and I was in need of a doula after Learning about them in a birthing class. Just the fact that she squeezed me into her busy schedule just shows she truly cares about her patients. Meeting Giovonna for the first time during this pandemic she made me feel very comfortable and eased all of my worry's about going into labor. She educated me in things I had no idea about preparing for that. Now the day I went into labor but didn't know it yet I was texting her and she made sure to make sure I was ok and kept checking up on me. Finally my contractions started to come around 2pm and she had me start timing them until her 411 rule. Finally the time has come at 10pm I texted her my contractions have been every 4-5mins apart lasting 1min long. So she gave me the green light to go to the hospital and she said she will meet me there. She made it there quickly and she made sure to check how I was doing and feeling and what had the doctor told me so far. They decided to move me into the labor and delivery room. Giovanna started helping me through the contractions between walking, yoga ball and counter pressures. So fast forward to 2am I wasn't dilating so the doctors wanted to break my water or give me Pitocin and I truly didn't want neither but I remember my doula informed me that I'm allowed to ask why?! And ask questions. They wanted to speed things up and I declined so they said they will come back in two hours. As soon as they left I spoke about my options with her. She asked me what did I want? Because I was starting to get nervous. But as time went by she helped me through the rest of my traumatic labor but Giovanna was there every step of the way to help me and my partner through it all. I would recommend her 100x's to everyone looking into doulas. You definitely will not regret it. She was truly a blessing on the most difficult but beautiful day of my life.


Cristal Marte8/24/2021My experience with Ms G, was nothing short of perfect. This was my first child and of course that comes with many worries and concerns. I felt support throughout my pregnancy every step of the way. She was available when I had any questions and always made sure my needs were met. My birthing experience wouldn't have been what it was without her. From the swollen ankles to the unexpected emergency C- section, she was there every step of the way. I would highly recommend. If god were to bless me with another child, Ms. G absolutely Has to be present. Couldn't have done it without her! She's amazing. 


Kathryn Council8/10/2021Words cannot express my deep gratitude for Giovonna during my pregnancy and birthing experience. In short, she was a God-send! I actively searched for a doula who would supply the personal, loving touch that my mother would and that I needed during my birth. With Giovonna, she felt like family from the moment we met. She did such a great job preparing my husband and I for what to expect during the labor and delivery process. She even met with my mom a few times to also help me feel comfortable during my delivery given my mom was going to be traveling when I was in labor. She helped answer all of our questions with such grace and compassion. When it comes to safety, Giovonna takes COVID precautions seriously. She was always masked and maintained social distancing, handwashing, etc. She is dependable and timely to all meetings. She always arrived early to meetings.  She actively communicated any conflicts and provided me with back up support as well. What I value most about Giovonna is that she is well prepared and has a sense of calm all the time. My labor and birth was such a beautiful experience. I experienced very little pain and was WELL taken care of thanks to Gi. She was right by my side coaching me, encouraging me, making sure I was as comfortable as possible. The doctor and nurse came up to me and personally told me how blessed I was to have a doula like Gi. They were so impressed with her command of presence as well as her compassion and fierceness. It was truly an empowering experience. Not to mention, Gi had the BEST "Push Playlist"! After I delivered, Gi has done an incredible job of touching base with me to ensure I am recovering, checking in with me and my family. Giovonna is exactly what you would want in a doula. Please book her for your birthing experience, she is truly a blessing to everyone she encounters. 