DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
16 TESTIMONIALS

Hayden Trace

Home Again

Woodbury, NJ  Service range 55 miles

856-693-4003

http://www.homeagainbirth.com

Birth Fee

$1250

CONTACT HAYDEN VIEW HAYDEN'S AVAILABILITY


                                
                                    Breanna Whetzel
                                    1/29/2022
                                
                                
                                    I am so grateful we had Hayden with us at our son’s birth! My labor had taken a long time to get going but once Hayden got there I immediately was able to relax. She stepped in in the perfect ways— dimmed the lights, spraying essential oils and suggesting positions to try. I always felt that her goal was to keep me in charge of my birth experience. She finds the balance well between holding space and offering guidance. Hayden is very knowledgeable and great with pointing to resources. Our prenatal visit helped me feel equipped and supported. I felt so confident going into this birth experience that she would be a great advocate for me. I would highly recommend her!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Rorie 
                                    1/9/2022
                                
                                
                                    We are so grateful to Hayden for being one of our birth warrirors! She was there for every step of our birth. After nearly 3 days of labor, we ended up with a cesarean birth, and Hayden supported us fully. Although I wanted a natural vaginal delivery, my labor was absolutely perfect and all I could have hoped for. Hayden supported me with quiet grace and strength. She helped me utilize every position and method to try and get baby to drop and help me to know I did all I could. She was a key role in my labor. She really helped my husband, especially giving him breaks from the bips squeezes I needed! Her encouragement meant so very much. We are so happy! 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Rebecca VanGuilder
                                    1/5/2022
                                
                                
                                    I have had the good fortune to have Hayden as my doula twice, at the birth of each of my daughters. She not only made me feel supported during my pregnancy and labor experience, but she was a great support for my husband. During my labor with my first, she applied pressure on my lower back for what felt like hours. I would not have been able to get through an unmedicated labor and delivery without her.
Not only is Hayden a wonderful doula, but she is an incredible photographer. While she does beautiful birth photography, we opted for the “first days” shoot at our home. I will cherish these photos forever. It felt so natural having Hayden photograph us after having been through such an intimate experience together. I truly cannot recommend Hayden’s services enough. If I keep having babies, I would keep on hiring her.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Kenny and Jessica 
                                    12/23/2021
                                
                                
                                    We had the pleasure of welcoming our beautiful boy into this world with Hayden.  From the very first visit until the last push, she was a blessing to have by our side.  She was very informative, easily understandable, empathetic to our needs, supportive in our beliefs, and was readily available to answer any questions we had.  When the time came to be by our side in the delivery room, she was ready to go once the phone rang.
 
When it came to selecting a Doula, we really wanted to have someone who we could call family during this special moment.  During the moment of delivery, my partner shouted out “I want Hayden over here by me”!  It was at that moment that I knew she really was the best fit for our family and I am confident that she will be for yours too.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Selena Goff
                                    12/16/2021
                                
                                
                                    As soon I found out I was expecting, I knew I wanted Hayden to attend my birth. One of the many things I love about her is, she isn’t super earthy-crunchy like I was afraid all doulas were. She is the perfect balance of knowledgeable, kind, professional, and positive. She has a calming affect on me. Having her and my husband there brought me peace knowing I was safe and advocated for. Hayden was great at responding quickly to any questions we had and helped me ask my midwife and surgeon more detailed questions during my last appointments. Hayden stayed with me the entire night before my c-section and followed us to the hospital at 4AM, documenting the entire process like me doing my makeup(I know, I know) and the drive there. She helped me stay calm and relaxed, and made us crack up about the awful hospital art. Hayden stayed in touch the entire postpartum period and was a great resource to have for any support or questions I had. I recommend her to any expecting mother, she is such a blessing to our family. Huge bonus that she provided us with photos we’ll have forever to take us right back to that day when our girl was born. Thank you so much Hayden!
Love Selena, Timo and Given. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Jason & Taylor
                                    7/20/2020
                                
                                
                                    We could not imagine our birth without her! She is kind, friendly, informative, and just a pleasure to be around! Even when drinking terrible hot chocolate 24 hours into labor. We would recommend her to everyone we know who's pregnant. She's fantastic. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Ashley
                                    2/27/2020
                                
                                
                                    Words cannot express how I feel about Hayden’s presence at my birth. I always believe things happen for a reason and man did the stars align for this experience. Now I know Hayden as a colleague, working alongside each other a births, and also just by simply gawking at her birth photography work, and in both roles she is incredible. I knew fairly early on that I wanted to document my birth. As a midwife myself, I have been witness to so many beautiful births and knew I wanted to “witness” mine as well...because if I was birthing the way I wanted then I would be present in that and likely miss the details I’ve loved from birth and labor. Well like so many others, my labor did not go as “planned” and when I invited Hayden in to start finally start documenting (essentially at hour 30ish?) she put on her doula hat instinctively knowing in that moment I needed that support as well. Somehow in both roles she exceeded my expectations. She not only supported me, but stepped in as comfort to my husband and family knowing just the things to say and do. Her presence helped me find my way towards a peace prior to my belly birth and then she went on to capture it perfectly. She quickly sent the most incredible sneak peeks and I believe knowing how much I needed them. I needed to see MY birth. So in not-so-short words, Hayden truly captures labor and birth the way it is meant to be captured all the while supporting the families while doing so- it actually kind of blows my mind how she does it all. And I can only say THANK YOU, thank you for sharing your gifts with me and my family. The images and that support were everything and more. Love ya. Xoxo
Ashley, Andrew & Robbie
                                
                            



                                
                                    Kaity 
                                    11/19/2019
                                
                                
                                    I think my birth experience would have been completely different if we didn’t have Hayden with us. We were thrown a curveball by having to move from the birth center to the hospital but having Hayden there was so extremely helpful and comforting. I did everything I could to prepare for labor and birth but in the moment it’s much more difficult to remember it all. Hayden was there to help me feel comfortable, to remind me of all of the positions I could still go into despite being hooked up to many machines and she showed my husband how he could help during contractions. Having her knowledge, experience and presence is what made labor and the birth of our son a much better, personal and calm experience, despite being in an unexpected setting.  A couple weeks after we had our son, Hayden came over to take photographs of him. We were blown away by her talent as a photographer and plan to use her as our photographer whenever we need photos! Hayden’s passion for her work, both in photographer and birth, is what sets her apart and is why I would highly recommend her.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Becca 
                                    11/18/2019
                                
                                
                                    Reflecting on our birth, one of the greatest choices we made was to have Hayden as our doula! As a nurse myself and someone who spent a lot of time researching birth, I wasn’t exactly sure if a doula would be necessary. Boy was I wrong! Hayden had anticipated my every need. Most importantly she gave my husband all the tools he needed to be my primary support person, and truly help me throughout the labor. With a 48+ hour labor it was all hands on deck and Hayden made each person in the labor room feel a part of the process in a way that was incredibly helpful and comforting to me. Hayden’s down to earth and calming personality along with all her knowledge of the birthing process made me feel at peace throughout my labor and confident in my abilities to birth my baby. And it was such an added bonus that she could capture my labor so beautifully with her outstanding photography skills. We can’t wait to use her with our next birth!!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Lauren
                                    8/9/2019
                                
                                
                                    Hayden was a fantastic birth photographer! Her presence at our birth was upbeat, calm, and supportive, and we couldn't be happier with the amazing album of photographs she created to document our second child's birth.
Hayden was our back-up birth photographer, so we didn't actually get to meet her in person before the birth. Instead, in the week before my due date, we had a quick video chat to get to know each other. I instantly felt comfortable with Hayden's warm, honest manner. When she arrived at the birth center during my fast-paced labor, Hayden quickly slipped into the rhythm of our birthing room and was a perfect part of the team. After the baby arrived, she stayed with us for a few hours, joking and sharing stories and documenting our new addition to the family. She delivered the photographs in a very timely fashion and has been a great communicator. Her photos are gorgeously detailed, colorful, and emotional. I couldn't be happier with our birth photographer experience!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Abe
                                    3/5/2019
                                
                                
                                    Hayden is absolutely amazing. 
As a new father I wasn't sure what to expect, but I can't imagine having another person in the world to be our doula. 
She met with us a few times prior to our delivery and was very nice and informative. She made me feel very comfortable and confident in the decisions we were making.
When the time came, my wife's water broke at home. We have her a call and she answered right away, made she everything was ok, and since this was late at night, told us to get some sleep!
Things progressed rapidly and we met up at the hospital. She was literally perfect. Gave advice where we needed it. Anticipated things we would never have thought of. Labor did not go as planned and ended up taking 37 hours! Hayden was right there with us the whole time. It felt like she was a member of the family, helping and as involved as you would expect from a member of your family. She encouraged my wife and I when we needed it, physically filled in for me when I needed to rest, and made sure we understood everything that was happening. As a person, you can tell that she really cares. We never felt like she was pressuring us to do anything we didn't didn't to do, and supported us 100% at all times.
I will forever be indebted to her for helping us safely bring our daughter into the world. 
She came back to our house a few weeks later and did a photo shoot and the pictures came out fantastic. 
I couldn't give a higher recommendation for Hayden as your next doula. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Kristen Carson
                                    11/27/2018
                                
                                
                                    I’d recommend Hayden as a doula and photographer! Her confidence of the birth process, encouragement, and bag of tricks helped to make the birth (and anticipation of the birth) more relaxed and less painful. Also, I never thought I wanted birth photos, but I’m so glad I got them! She also came to my house to take photos and those were beautiful as well- we now have a gorgeous album to look back on! Thanks Hayden!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Pi Pi
                                    8/8/2018
                                
                                
                                    When we found out that we were expecting our first child, I was eager to start my search for a doula. From our first meeting, I knew that I wanted Hayden to be my doula. She was friendly and very knowledgeable. Most importantly (for me) I felt comfortable around her and she had a good energy. I also liked that she was a birth photographer. She was always professional and she always made sure to respond back to any of my questions at a timely manner. Even though my labor happened so fast, Hayden did make it for most of my birth. She was a great support for me and my husband in the birth room. I am so glad that we chose Hayden. She is awesome! I definitely will be using her as my doula for our second baby. I almost forgot to mention how talented she is as a photographer. I absolutely love her work!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Sarah O'Connor
                                    7/2/2018
                                
                                
                                    It's hard to put into words how grateful I am to Hayden. Throughout my pregnancy she was there to answer my questions or just listen when I was nervous. She told me my baby's birth would be beautiful and it was!Hayden arrived in the middle of the night and was there for me throughout labor. She is such a beautiful calming presence that she made me and my partner confident. I can still hear her voice "Let that one go". In between each painful contraction. A phrase I can carry with me for stressful times in everyday life.Not only did she guide me through birth. She took pictures that my family can treasure forever!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Corrine Cwenar
                                    4/16/2018
                                
                                
                                    Hayden was able to give me so much more than the birthing experience I wanted. She helped give me confidence to go in there and feel empowered with knowledge and ability. She was constantly ready to answer questions and go above and beyond research, was very easy to contact, and made this such an incredible experience. I was anxious at first and questioned everything until she helped me feel more confident. Would absolutely recommend her skills and ability to anyone and everyone. She is positive and easy to contact, listens to what you want and need, and is supportive the whole way. My labor would have been VERY different if not for her, all for positive reasons. Thank you so much Hayden!!!! I give you a thousand gold stars and hope to have you again for another birth!!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Joy Ashley
                                    11/4/2017
                                
                                
                                    I don't even know how to express how grateful I am to have had Hayden as my Doula. She was absolutely amazing. The emotional and physical support she provided, along with the support she gave to the father of my child and his mother was unbelievable. On top of all of that she took over 300 of the best photos I could have asked for. This woman is incredible at what she does... sharing her own experiences to help relate to what I was going through, the constant breast feeding and newborn support that she still provides if I need it, and staying calm in the delivery room when the nurse was being rude to her for no reason.
If your looking for someone to help you through the birth of your child with relaxation techniques ranging from different positions, massage techniques, aromatherapy, and all around encouraging coaching skills I recommend you choose Hayden as your Doula.
Her "You're a BEAST" attitude helped me more than I ever could have imagined. Also her helping the father of my child be involved by showing him different ways to comfort & support me helped make him and I the best team ever. I had the best Natural Birth I could have asked for under the circumstance because of her and the father of my child. (& Grandmom too)
THANK YOU HAYDEN! YOU ARE A BEAST! <3
                                
                            