DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
23 TESTIMONIALS

Hayley Weichler, CD-L, CBE

Compassionate Beginnings Doula and Birth Services

Pittstown, NJ  Service range 35 miles

9087976268

https://www.doulanjpa.com

Birth Fee

$1200 to $1800

Postpartum Rate

$55 to $65

CONTACT HAYLEY VIEW HAYLEY'S AVAILABILITY

Katherine Scotto2/21/2023Hayley and Chelsea are absolutely amazing! They were kind, flexible and incredibly professional through the entire pregnancy and birthing process. As first time parents, we were not sure of what to expect and we felt like we knew so little (and we did). Hayley and Chelsea made sure we had every opportunity to learn from their wealth of knowledge while also ensuring we felt empowered and supported through the whole pregnancy and birthing process. We worked with Hayley during our son’s birth and she provided wonderful support both via text before she came to the hospital as well as when she was with us in the hospital, ensuring that we felt comfortable and felt supported. Hayley’s services were EXACTLY what we needed! Looking back, we couldn’t imagine going through it all without her!


Brittany Mortensen11/6/2022Working with Hayley and Chelsea absolutely exceeded my expectations! This was my first pregnancy and I'm so thankful that I found them!!Chelsea was with me every step of the way. She knew exactly how to keep me calm,relaxed and informed on all my options through the entire process,she is knowledgeable on every aspect of pregnancy, labor and postpartum.She didn't hesitate to step in and help the nurses with everything I needed. Honestly, I felt like we had been friends for years, we carried on conversations and enjoyed listening to country music while waiting for my sweet baby girl to arrive.I would highly recommend them both, I'm so glad I decided to hire a doula, I know my birth/labor experience wouldn't have been as successful, memorable and enjoyable without Chelsea by my side.I have a feeling that Chelsea will be in our lives for years to come. Thank you so much! Love Brittany & Brynleigh 


Tiffany10/15/2022I highly recommend the support of Haykey & Chelsea. Our first initial meeting felt so natural and comfortable. My husband and I immediately afterwards felt like we were connected to the right people. We felt heard and confident we had the right team to support me during labor & delivery. I had the pleasure of working with Chelsea. Seriously, it's like she's your big sister. I couldn't have achieve a natural birth without my husband and Chelsea. Plus the extra support she provides postpartum. I am absolutely grateful to God we all connected. There is no doubt you need them as part of your team through pregnancy & birth. You won't find anyone better than these two women.Tell them Tiffany sent you. 


Meredith K6/9/2022Having Hayley with us for the birth of our second was absolutely incredible. I was hoping for (and achieved) a VBAC with #2, Hayley helped me mentally and physically through a week prodromal labor while our son was a week and a half past his due date. Her presence was invaluable while also never dominating the moment. She supported both myself and my husband, encouraging us both along the way that we were doing exactly what we should be. Leading up do our due date we discussed different options and topics that we never knew about with our first (Hayley was our first Doula experience).She cheered us on and supported me through an unmedicated delivery, something I NEVER thought I’d be able to do having gone through 20+ hours of labor and and emergency cesarean with my first. I will absolutely encourage and recommend to anyone I know that they should have doula with them through their delivery and would recommend Hayley 1000 times over. After meeting her I instantly felt comfortable and as if she’d been apart of our family from the very beginning.I had a very tough time with our first and experienced postpartum depression and anxiety that carried into my second pregnancy. Having Hayley with us for our delivery of our second helped me gain so much more confidence as a parent, the entire experience healed any lingering doubt and trauma from the first.I will absolutely look to have her support us through our third when the day comes. We will never be able to thank her enough.


Nikole Wallach6/4/2022Haley is such a kind person and was an enormous support during our pregnancy. She continuously went above and beyond to make us feel educated, informed, comfortable and was always just a text or phone call away. In between our classes and meetings, she would check in on me to see how I was feeling. If I had any questions, she was quick to respond and would reassure if I was anxious or nervous. The classes were intimate and we left them each time feeling more and more informed. This is our first child and she helped bring her in to this world with confidence and an immense amount of support!Even after our daughters birth, Hayley checked in on us to hear about her progress and how we were coping with everything. She genuinely cares about her clients and was a great friend to us throughout the journey.


Nicole M.1/3/2022As a first time mama, I'm extremely grateful to have had Hayley as part of my pregnancy, birthing, and postpartum experience. From the very first intro call, I felt at ease with Hayley due to her calming disposition. I definitely had some anxieties about the birthing process but learning and understanding more from the meetings with Hayley helped lessen those anxieties. She's incredibly patient and knowledgeable. Those pre-birth meetings made me feel more comfortable and empowered about the birthing process and no doubt contributed to a relatively stress-free birth. I was beyond happy to have her there along with my husband for support during my son's birth. I also really appreciated and looked forward to our postpartum yoga sessions. She's the absolute best and I highly recommend her!


Madeline Holtermann11/22/2021Hayley is such a lovely person and working with her as our doula completely transformed my pregnancy and birth experience. Throughout my pregnancy, she helped foster confidence in me, as a first time mom, that I had the innate ability to perform this miracle. She taught my husband and I so much about ourselves by encouraging thoughtful reflection which better prepared us to work together during the labor process. We felt so prepared and knew what to expect  when labor did begin because of all the information Hayley gave us. Hayley has a calming demeanor, which was so beneficial during labor. Her presence alone just made us feel better. She was an incredible advocate for me in the hospital. I felt like I always had someone in my corner, looking out for my best interests. Hayley is so knowledgeable and I knew I could turn to her for guidance when it was time to make decisions regarding the health of my baby and me. After I gave birth, while my baby was being cleaned up, Hayley stayed focused on me and talked me through what was going on with the placenta delivery, which was such a beautiful support I didn't know I would need. We are so thankful for the care that Hayley gave to our family. We would (and actually have) recommend her to anyone! 


Alexandra Held10/1/2021Hayley was a crucial part in our birthing experience. Becoming parents for the first time is nerve racking to say the least. So many things to do, say, follow, etc it can be overwhelming. Not knowing what to expect for a first time mother and father was something that caused a lot of anxieties for us. That's when we decided to research local Doulas and found Hayley who was referred by many others in our area. Without hesitation we reached out, scheduled a consultation and immediately knew we needed her to be by our side. From the start, Hayley was so personable, relatable and comforting offering advice when asked but never pressuring us into decisions or passing judgement. Hayley not only helped with birthing pains and preventing tearing techniques, she also advocating for me in the hospital by following my birth plan which we created together. Most would assume that Doulas are for the woman giving birth; however, Hayley was a huge support for my husband. She supported him, guided him and advised him on ways to support me and himself in a life changing moment. Both my husband and I cannot imagine labor without her by our side and we hope to be able to use her again in the future. Thank you, Hayley!


Amanda McCaffrey6/22/2021I don’t know what I would have done without Hayley’s support during the birth of my little girl. She has a kind and calming presence, and so much knowledge surrounding labor and childbirth. This was my first baby and labor and delivery didn’t go as I envisioned it, but Hayley was there supporting my decisions when things weren’t working out as I had planned, providing me with information to make the right decisions for myself, my body, and baby, and also providing my husband with support. I will be forever thankful for Hayley and the services she provides, and would very highly recommend her to any expecting mom, first time or not.


Anna Stopper4/30/2021I used Hayley for the birth of my second child. Hayley was wonderful and so very supportive! I truly feel like I had my village when I delivered. She met with my husband and I prior to the birth to provide us both with tips to allow for a natural vaginal birth. She was also available supporting me with texts and calls during my early labor.Thanks to Hayley's support and techniques she taught me, I was able to labor mostly at home and had a delivery better than I could have planned, feeling so supported and cared for. What a wonderful life experience it was as we welcomed our baby girl into the world naturally! Having Hayley post delivery was also so helpful to ensure I got the appropriate skin to skin time and latched the babe early. 


Christina4/16/2021There truly are no words to describe how amazing Hayley is. My husband and I are so grateful that she was able to be apart of our pregnancy and delivery. She is such a wonderful source of comfort going into your birth, it's like having an extension of you and your spouse looking out for you during such an intense and vulnerable time. She has unwavering compassion and strength that makes you feel cared for and supported all at the same time. Our daughter will always hear about what an important role Hayley played in her birth, she will always have a piece of our hearts. 


Gillian Yawger3/31/2021Hayley was recommended to me in a group of women who I trust for advice on all things "baby". I began attending this group, in person, when my first child was 7 weeks old. Five years later, I still ask and answer questions in an online version of the group. When I was pregnant with my third child, I knew I wanted a different birthing experience, and I knew I would need some guidance. I was told by a friend that a Doula is to childbirth as a Sherpa is to climbing Mt Everest. Of course, I trusted the mom group for a doula recommendation. About 25 women commented on my question. 24 of them recommended Hayley. She answered my email quickly. She was beyond responsive to questions. She also helped me realize that, in order to get passed my fears, I needed to picture my entire birth story in a positive way. That was probably one of the best pieces of advice I was given during my journey. Hayley always let me make my own decisions but always offered guidance. She was never pushy and always made me feel like I was doing the right thing for myself and my baby. She was always prepared and never late. On my birthing day, my baby was born only minutes after we arrived at the hospital. However, those minutes were very intense, and I couldn't have asked for a better advocate. My husband ran for a nurse while Hayley squeezed my hips. Another nurse was loudly adamant that I get in the bed and on my back. Hayley kindly informed her that I wasn't planning to do that. Because my birth was so fast, Hayley spent the day with us making sure we had everything we needed. She has even gone above and beyond and done some post partum yoga with me. She has never made me feel rushed. Every time she's been to our home, whether for belly binding or yoga, she's always been positive about me needing to nurse the baby or tend to my other children. She is always professional. I definitely could not have asked for a better doula experience. She is my number one recommendation. 


Jennifer3/10/2021Hayley exuded positive energy from our prenatal appointments to our labor and delivery. Her calm and gentle demeanor helped us through a fast and fierce birth. We are so grateful to have had Hayley on our birth team and have already referred friends to her. We highly recommend Hayley's doula services!


Elizabeth Shults1/12/2021During my third pregnancy I knew I wanted to do a better job of taking care of myself in the post pardum period- so I researched belly binding and found Hayley- and I sure am glad that I did. Hayley was so responsive and generous with her explanations of everything as I asked my many questions about this ancient form of post pardum care. She made everything so easy and simple- I communicated and booked everything through my phone! When I had my baby I emailed her right away and we were in contact deciding when the most ideal time would be to start binding me. When Hayley came to my home for the first binding session, she brought with her the most gentle, kind, and calming energy. There is nothing as valuable as this when you are in the chaos of recently having added your third child to your family! She was sweet and engaging with my older two children, and just a joy to converse with as she patiently waited for me to nurse my baby, and as she wrapped me. You can practically taste her passion for all things birth and womanly care. She made everything so seamless and stress free. I now have a skill for life, and enjoy wrapping myself before bedtime. If there is any doubt in your mind as to whether you need this service or not- let me assure you- you do! Thank you so much Hayley- I’m so grateful that you’ve been a part of my birth story. Love, Liz 


Kristin W.10/19/2020My husband and I were hoping to hire a doula to assist us with the labor and delivery of our August 2020 baby, but with the Covid-19 Pandemic restrictions, hospitals did not allow doulas to be present in hospitals for most of my pregnancy. However, luckily for us, at 36 weeks we received the good news that hospitals were now allowing doulas to be present as an additional support person. I quickly started researching and came across Hayley’s DoulaMatch profile. She ticked all the boxes of qualities we were looking for and I contacted her right away. After setting up a video call to “meet” we decided to hire Hayley and got the learning process started. Because we had limited time, we met once in person before the baby came. All other correspondence was through text, call or FaceTime. Hayley was great at getting back to me quickly, answering any and all questions I had and just checking in to make sure all was well. She got to know my husband and me and within a few short weeks, had a good handle on our birth preferences and our needs for labor. Hayley had a wealth of knowledge and resources that she shared with us prior to going into labor and my husband Ryan and I both agreed that we felt super prepared after our in-person meeting with Hayley. During our labor at home Hayley was always just a call or text away and made sure that I felt calm and secure with how my body and mind were processing pain and emotions. At the hospital Hayley’s calm, focused and nurturing demeanor and personality helped me get through the most intense hours of my life. We are so grateful to have had her with us, helping and guiding us through until we met our precious little boy. After birth Hayley stayed with us for a couple of hours to make sure I was comfortable and settled with our newborn son. Thank you, Hayley, for helping to make our birth experience some of the most wonderful and memorable moments of our lives!


Brittany10/9/2020I am so grateful to have found Hayley! I cannot stress enough how much of an amazing support she was through my pregnancy and first childbirth experience. Her calm and caring demeanor made me feel completely comfortable working with her. I felt like I could ask her anything. I was fortunate enough to attend her prenatal yoga offerings via zoom which helped so much in preparation for my birthing time. During my pregnancy & birthing time her continued support, guidance, and wealth of knowledge helped me to stay grounded and feel empowered. If you are looking for a doula you need to look no further, Hayley is amazing! 


Kathia Hynes9/11/2020This was baby number 3 for me, walk in the park or so I thought. Luckily for me I had Hayley as my doula, because this was the most trying birth experience. I was in the hospital for three days. And through the pushy doctors and stressful moments Hayley was there to encourage me that any decision I made was the right one. At the end of it all she made me feel like rockstar. I couldn’t have asked for a better doula


Ellie8/7/2020My husband and I were so grateful to have Hayley with us for the birth of our daughter at Hunterdon Medical Center in July 2019! From our initial meeting through our first weeks at home with our baby, Hayley was a gentle, wise, encouraging, and sensitive part of our team. In our meetings before the birth, she took time to connect with us and understand our hopes and worries, helped us think through options and figure out priorities, and taught me and my husband supportive positions and movements for early labor. At the hospital, she was a critical support for me and my husband throughout 14 hours of active labor - doing everything from bringing cold packs for my neck, to reminding me to breath deeply through contractions, to physically holding me up so I could stand or squat through contractions, to staying by my side so my husband could get a couple hours of much needed sleep during periods when my labor slowed, to helping us think through medical decisions at critical points in the process. Although I had to have an induction at 41 weeks and wasn't able to begin my labor at home like I'd hoped, thanks to Hayley's hands-on support (as well as the patience of my doctors) I was able to avoid other medications and have a birth that, although very intense, also felt calm and manageable. While I appreciated Hayley's presence and touch, my husband found her support even more invaluable as she had the experience with the process of childbirth to be able reassure him and put in context things that otherwise might have been worrying. We also really appreciated her home visits in the days after our daughter was born, as she showed us ways to soothe her with swaddling, gentle massage, and different holding and carrying positions, and was an encouraging, understanding listener for all the doubts and uncertainty we were feeling as new parents. I highly recommend Hayley for anyone looking for support before childbirth, during birth, or in the postpartum period!


Aurora Selvaggio8/7/2020 Hayley is one of the most amazing people I have ever met. The first time I spoke with her on the phone I felt a wonderful connection and knew she would be my doula! Even though she wasn't able to be physically present during my birthing time due to Covid, she was there with us virtually and definitely spiritually. We wished she could have been there in person to properly share the experience but this was the next best thing. My partner and I have received nothing but love and support from Hayley during our whole time with her. We highly recommend her to anyone that is looking for someone amazing, compassionate, loving, funny and just a really fantastic person and mom to support them. We could not have welcomed our baby girl into the world without her support. 


Brooke1/26/2020As soon as I met Hayley, I knew she was going to be my doula. She has such a warm, peaceful, down-to-earth energy to her that you feel instantly at ease... which definitely helps the anxiety of pregnancy and labor! During my pregnancy and after my daughter's birth, she became an honorary member of my little family. She was there almost my entire three-day labor, but only because I sent her home to sleep at one point (she probably would have stayed for five days if I didn't make her take a break). My husband, who initially was rather wary of hiring a doula, now tells everyone he knows, "Hayley was a lifesaver. I don't know how we would have gotten through without her." She is also a wonderful yoga teacher and taught us some comfort measures that helped me labor at home for a good amount of time. If you're considering a doula, my advice is 1) do it and 2) go with Hayley. 


Meredith Graham11/20/2019Working with Hayley was an absolute dream! Hayley was everything we needed through the last stages or pregnancy and birth. I originally met Hayley while attending her prenatal yoga class in Easton, Pa., which was wonderful. Hayley's presence is so calming. Her yoga classes were the highlight of my week. After a few classes, I decided that I wanted to ask Hayley if she would be my Doula.  Hayley was super organized and had everything we needed. She was very flexible in arranging when we would get together to go over things. She came to our house so we could be comfortable and didn't have to worry about arranging a babysitter for our daughter. Hayley had a list that we would go over and discuss for the birth of our son. Hayley went through everything with us and explained anything we were not familiar with. If we had questions about something specific, Hayley would follow up with additional resources for us to look through.  Hayley was always there for me and checked in on me frequently at the end of my pregnancy. Sometimes all you need is a comforting text or someone to share personal thoughts or even fears with about the upcoming birth. Since I went almost 2 weeks past my due date, I needed to be induced by my midwives. Hayley was there with me & came to the hospital the night I checked in to see how I was doing & go over our plan and intentions for delivery with the nurses & myself. She came back to the hospital the next morning when my contractions were getting stronger & stayed with us until our son was born.  Hayley provided so much support during the birth, I do not know what I would have done without her. She was my rock. She held my hand and kept me calm through all stages. Our midwife, the hospital nurses and Hayley worked so well together. Afterward, my husband said that seeing everyone work together like that for a natural birth was amazing and exactly how it should take place. We love you Hayley!


Amanda Gourniak9/6/2019Hayley is absolutely amazing! She provided an abundance of information and excellent resources when I had questions during my pregnancy. I also took her prenatal yoga classes and I found it to be an excellent source of exercise and just an all around good way to get out of the house during my pregnancy. Hayley has a calming and comforting presence and just from one meeting, you can tell she is so passionate about what she does. I had a difficult and unexpected induction and my birth did not go as planned. I am so glad that Hayley was there every step of the way to explain changes and procedures as well as encourage me to be my own patient advocate. She also provided my husband with emotional support and he was so appreciative of her advice and support. We would highly recommend Hayley for doula services! 


Michelle K5/30/2019I knew that I wanted a med free birth with my first and I was led to Hayley for prenatal yoga and subsequently her being my doula in 2018!She has such a calm presence to her - laid back and you can tell right off that bat that she has a strong passion for helping women labor and birth the way that THEY want to; her vast knowledge and kind heart makes you feel so good and strong during (and after!) pregnancy. She equiped me with the tools needed to take on this monumental milestone of laboring and birthing without pain medication. Most importantly, though, she didn't send me on my merry way..alone and with a newborn to tackle all of those challenges, fears and anxieties by myself - she was there for me even when I thought I was asking the silliest of questions in my exhausted and new mommy state.She is the person that you want there with you when laboring seems too much, too long, too hard - I highly recommend anyone who is looking for support, no matter what your visions and desires of bringing your baby into this world is, to meet with Hayley and you'll see exactly what I'm talking about!