DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
3 TESTIMONIALS

Jessica McAllister CPD

Williamstown, NJ  Service range 40 miles  N/A

8564924258

Birth Fee

$1200 to $1400

Black Doula

CONTACT JESSICA VIEW JESSICA'S AVAILABILITY

Sarah Bender5/12/2023Having Jess as my doula made my crazy labor/delivery a really enjoyable experience. During my pregnancy she checked on me all the time, would send me tons of education and information and really just support me mentally and emotionally through all the different feelings I was experiencing. She tended to my every need during the very long time we were in the hospital waiting for baby and I am sooo grateful for her being there during that time. My labor/delivery was a roller coaster ride but I was supported the whole way through and if I hadn't had her it wouldn't be as enjoyable and beautiful as it was. Forever grateful for Jess, I recommend her to everyone, and will absolutely be having her for baby #2! 


Neisha Phillips-Chalk9/8/2021My experience with Jessica was beyond excellent and I would recommend her to everyone! I was previously with another doula but after some personal issues she recommended me to Jessica. With only about two weeks until my due date Jessica jumped in head first and made me feel very comfortable and made sure to ensure me that she was available and on call for all my questions. When I was induced Jessica communicated with me the entire time and even came before her contracted time to help me with the process. With her knowledge and help she definitely made the process a lot smoother. And she's even great with postpartum help and advice. Jessica is the sweetest and most professional doula. 


Leslie8/30/2021I am so grateful that Jessica was my doula. This was my 5th child and she taught me new things about pregnancy. She was always there for me and ready to answer any questions I had. When I went to labor she was there in minutes. She spoke up for me and my every needs. She kept me calm and explained everything that was happening to me. She also gave me my space when I needed it. She helped clean me up when I puked everywhere. She knew it was time. I had the baby and she was there supporting me.  