DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
6 TESTIMONIALS

Julie DiBella

Doula DiBella

Swedesboro, NJ  Service range 40 miles

6092216201

https://douladibella.wixsite.com/douladibella

Birth Fee

$900 to $1200

CONTACT JULIE VIEW JULIE'S AVAILABILITY

Newar & Waseem12/11/2022If you're considering Julie, just hire her! Don't hesitate! You'll be supported. We love Julie and her presence with us and her support made a huge difference. Julie was very clear from the beginning about her experience and what she can offer and she stood by every word she gave.We interviewed a bunch of doulas and once we talked to her we imminently knew that we want her.She was very professional and always answered our calls and messages. She communicated very clearly and showed emotional support for both of us.We'll not hesitate to hire her a second time (if we're still in the area, you know). 


Lauren Ambrico11/30/2022Julie was my doula with my 3rd and 4th deliveries. This last delivery, which was my 4th, was my first delivery at home. I am grateful that Julie was there to tend to my needs and I was able to have a drug free delivery without any interventions. Julie came and visited me throughout my pregnancy. Checked in on me very often. Sat down with me and went over my birth plan thoroughly with me. Julie made sure my plans were met. No interventions, delayed placenta delivery and cord cutting, immediate skin to skin and breastfeeding. She was a wonderful advocate for me. She helped me through weeks of prodromal labor, including one very convincing false alarm instance. Julie also helped get my posterior baby into the correct position by not only suggesting special exercises, but coming over and walking me through them all and helping to relieve my tension with massage. I truly believe all her efforts helped get baby into the position he needed to be in to move past prodromal labor and have a smooth and healthy homebirth. She even stayed for hours after delivery to make sure baby and I were ok. She also visited me postpartum and checked in on me. I highly recommend Julie  if you are searching for a doula. She is a true blessing! 


Ivana11/19/2022Julie was absolutely awesome help throughout and after my pregnancy! We are away from our families and Julie was such a calm presence offering much needed support! She is very down-to-earth, knowledgeable, kind, gentle and considerate! I really appreciated that she told us about things the way they were, she coached& encouraged me to advocate for myself AND advocated for me herself! I actually ended up having a c-section but it would have been much harder without Julie! She also helped us out after our baby was born.We are very appreciative of everything she has done for us! I hope you are lucky enough to be in her care!  


Christine Goodstein10/14/2022Julie was my life saver during labor! She is kind, patient, and observant.  She did an excellent job of explaining my options and coordinating my care to medical staff.  She ensured I was comfortable throughout everything.  She helped me change positions periodically and coached me through pushing.  When my labor stopped progressing, she came with me to c-section and helped guide me through a very tough decision.  Highly recommend, 10 stars, wouldn't have another without her! 


Ivana Vukovic4/21/2022Julie was a fantastic doula for our first childbirth experience.  She came to our house twice before the due date to go over our birth plan and was able to answer all our questions related to the birth experience.  During labor, she advocated for me at times where I would have struggled to tell the doctors what I wanted.  She was helpful to my husband as well.  We are very glad we had her there, and we would choose her again for our next baby!


Lauren Ambrico1/28/2022Julie was my doula with my 3rd delivery. This was my first delivery using a doula. I am grateful that Julie was there to tend to my needs and I was able to have a drug free delivery without any interventions. I was able to labor at home for 12 hours before needing to go to the hospital. I got to the hospital with my family and Julie by my side less than a half hour before delivery. Julie made sure my plans were met. No IV, squat bar, delayed placenta delivery and cord cutting for nearly an hour, immediate skin to skin and breastfeeding. She was a wonderful advocate for me and even stayed into the wee hours of the morning to make sure babyand I were ok. I highly recommend Julie. I'm currently expecting my 4th baby, and just hired her again! Looking forward to an amazing homebirth with the support of Julie as my doula. She is a true blessing!