DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 TESTIMONIAL

Kathy-Lynn Kelly

DoulaKat

Lambertville, NJ  Service range 30 miles  none

7325406315

Birth Fee

$0

CONTACT KATHY-LYNN VIEW KATHY-LYNN'S AVAILABILITY

Brittany10/2/2022I cannot say enough about choosing Kat as our doula for our third child. Having never used a doula before, I wasn’t exactly sure I would need the help but in planning our first home birth, we wanted to have the most help around if needed. From first meeting her I could tell she was passionate about birth and her energy was infectious to be around. She was attentive to my and my husband’s desires and our anxieties over being ready for home birth having just moved into our home. Her experience was apparent having creative natural suggestions for nausea, labor pain, nutrition, and protecting our brand-new mattress. Sharing birth stories with her excited me for what was to come, and I felt safe and seen in my choice to birth at home.            When I went into labor, I had to transfer to the hospital emergently. My husband and I were scared, anxious and disappointed in the change of plans. Having Kat by our sides during this time was a huge relief. She stayed positive, grounded and helped me stick to my birth desires to have a birth with as little intervention as possible. My husband felt that he could finally breath and be present with me knowing he wasn’t alone in supporting me through the monumental event that labor is. Kat was attentive to my unspoken needs throughout. Her experienced as a massage therapist should be a prerequisite for all doulas, as she knew just how to ease each wave of contraction as I swayed my hips. I was ultimately able to have a hands-off, upright birth without medication in the hospital just as I desired (later being told by the attending doctor this almost was unheard of). I am so grateful for all the support that Kat was able to give throughout this process. Even more important, going back over all the blurred details of the day with her postpartum helped me find comfort and release the fear that came with the unexpected transfer. Thank you Kat!