DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
29 TESTIMONIALS

Kim O'Rourke

Mind,Baby,Body

Ridgewood, NJ  Service range 20 miles  Many births in Manhattan, I no longer travel in to Queens or Brooklyn

(201) 406-1400

https://www.facebook.com/mindbabybody/

Birth Fee

$2000 to $3500

Postpartum Rate

$100

CONTACT KIM VIEW KIM'S AVAILABILITY

Amanda Mucci6/29/2023I hired kim for my first pregnancy and birth and I could not be more thrilled I did. She was a crucial part of my birth story. Leading up to birth she was a great asset and resource for all my questions and concerns regarding pregnancy. She provided me with reassurance and education to help make my pregnancy as healthy and strong as possible. When it came to labor and delivery I don't think I could have done it without her. She was a vital support person during labor and gave me confidence throughout. My husband initially was concerned that he would feel he didn't have a place during labor with kim being there but that couldn't have been father from the truth. Kim gave suggestions and support but still included and had my husband involved. Kim has such a great wealth of knowledge and experience with labor and births that I felt so safe with her. Anything I was concerned about she helped explain to me and know I didn't have anything to worry about. Especially being my first pregnancy I was very nervous about the whole experience. Kim took such good care of me throughout labor and gave great suggestions during delivery to help me get babt earthside. I am forever grateful to her. 


Sarah Berrios-Rickman5/20/2023I know without a shadow of a doubt that I would not have had my positive VBAC birth story without the support of Kim. After experiencing a traumatic emergency  c-section with my firstborn, I knew that there had to be a better way to bring forth life into the world. Upon my second pregnancy, I decided to research “tips for having a successful VBAC.” Having a doula was a consistent recommendation as being evidenced based in decreasing medical interventions and creating a positive birth experience. My pursuit of a doula led me to Kim who was invaluable from our first phone call. She assisted me in navigating the precarious waters of pursuing a VBAC by providing practical advice and emotional support leading me to make informed decisions when I would have otherwise felt confused, alone, and defeated. Kim’s support led to the redemptive and healing VBAC birth story of my second son. Whether you are pregnant with your first child, are in pursuit of a redemptive birth, or simply want to ensure a positive birth experience, Kim’s expertise, wit, and ability to effectively advocate will provide you with a calm reassurance in the midst of your beautiful yet inevitably unpredictable pregnancy journey. 


Sarah Berliner5/18/2023I reached out to Kim for doula services with my second child, following a traumatic birth experience with my first daughter. From the first minute I spoke to Kim, I knew she was the calming and supportive presence I wanted along for my pregnancy and delivery journey the second time around. Kim was easily accessible throughout my pregnancy and was a reassuring support system for me as several minor issues came up throughout my pregnancy (e.g., slow fetal growth, low fluids, breech baby). Kim is extremely knowledgable, having assisted with over 500 births, and was able to confidently guide me through these stressful blips in my pregnancy. She connected me with a qualified Chiropractor to help flip my baby from the breech position and also came to my home to help teach me exercises I could do to help my baby flip. Kim is a compassionate doula, who prioritized my needs and helped me identify potential triggers from my first negative birth experience to help communicate those triggers with my new medical team during my second birth experience. During labor, Kim joined my husband and myself at the hospital during my induction and coached us through the whole experience. I was able to labor without an epidural for 5 hours with Kim's support and guidance through breathing and changing positions to help my baby descend. Kim exhibited the perfect balance of coaching while also allowing my husband to be my primary support system throughout labor. After my daughter was born, Kim was an integral part of a positive breastfeeding experience for me, which I did not have with my first child. She helped me figure out the basics in that first hour post-partum and also met with me several times in my home to make sure we had a smooth transition. I am forever grateful for Kim's support during this second "redemption" delivery and cannot recommend her enough. 


Shira A4/5/2023Kim was a phenomenal addition to my birth team. She was incredibly supportive and encouraging. We feel so grateful to have had her at the birth of our daughter and could not imagine how we would have gotten through it with out her. We highly reccomend her to anyone who is seeking doula services for their birth. 


Lindsey Raphael3/28/2023Kim was absolutely wonderful! She was so helpful and supportive, I can't imagine going through labor and birth without her! 


Abigail3/21/2023Hello, the following is a card I wrote to Kim:I wanted to write this at the end of the fourth trimester in hopes that my thoughts would be somewhat coherent by now, haha. Thank you so much for all the help, support, dedication and encouragement throughout my pregnancy, birth and postpartum. We cannot thank you enough for the greatest gift of all, our happy and healthy baby girl Ariel and amazing birthing experience. The most important gift you gave me was the confidence to trust myself and my strengths during such a significant life changing event.You brought peace, calm and positivity to the birth suite by being nurturing, kind and attentive to me. Thank you for respecting the way I wanted to give birth and helping to facilitate it for me. I’m grateful that you truly listened to me. Thank you for helping me to feel amazing and strong in birthing my baby and for teaching me to trust my body. Through your caring and kindness, I was ready to birth and become a mother. Many blessings to your and your family, today and always!


Olga2/25/2023This was our third doula experience, but first time with Kim. Our previous doulas had moved states and changed careers and we needed to find someone new again. Close family friends recommended Kim and I can't thank them enough. Even though we were seasoned parents, Kim's presence before and at the birth was invaluable. One of my biggest concerns was getting to the birthing center on time - not too early and not too late. Kim assured me she had experience with our drive distance and birth number to get me to where I needed to be at the right time. She explained how she would gauge my progress and how she is able to assess timing. Of course birth throws you curve balls and you can't ever be sure about timing, but Kim's experience, confidence, and clamness eased my fears. One such curve ball was having to go to the hospital instead of the birthing center. Kim helped me stay positive and focused despite the crushing change of plans. Kim was intuitive to my pain during labor and was able to guide me through contractions just the right way. I started to get pretty vulnerable the closer I got to giving birth, constantly asking everyone if I was almost done - Kim gave me confidence in myself and reassured me of my own abilities that I had forgotton in the moment. She also pretty much held my baby's almost crowning head as the nurses insisted I get on the bed! I am so grateful to Kim for helping us achieve the unmedicated birth I was hoping for and for guiding us through things that didn't go the way we planned. Thank you, Kim!


Meagan McFadden1/26/2023One of best investments anyone can make is how they choose to bring their baby into the world. I am eternally grateful for having Kim O'Rourke as my doula.  Not only did she help me have the water birth that I wanted, but she guided me through every single contraction with patience and support. A few times when I was doubting myself, Kim quickly changed my mindset back. She helped me labor at home and Our Birth Center. She taught me how to breathe through contractions and take each one as they came. I truly would not have been able to achieve the water birth without her. I would highly recommend Kim to anyone and everyone. Her services are 100% worth it.    


Camille Blais1/2/2023I cannot recommend Kim strongly enough! As someone who is mildly a control freak, I was anxious going into having my first baby. I had my birth "plan", which Kim helped me reframe into birth preferences and thank goodness she did!When my water broke a week earlier than anticipated (not part of my original "plan"), she calmly walked me through what I could expect to happen to my body, as well as how my OBs were likely to recommend that I go to the hospital and why. She was very information-forward, allowing me to make informed decisions with her support. She is extremely knowledgeable!During labor, she completely transformed the labor and delivery room. She made me feel calm, safe, and supported the whole time. So if you're in the market for a birth doula, Kim is who I would recommend!


Renee Albrecht10/20/2022Our birth experience with Kim as my doula was really wonderful! She has so much experience under her belt, and I felt totally safe in her hands. She knew what my body needed to relax and continue progressing through all stages of my labor. I felt that I had a dear friend beside me, who was cheering me on and pushing me toward my goal when I was doubting myself. I needed that! Kim was calm and loving with her approach, but when she saw me going back on my wishes she was the strong force to remind me of my "why". I never felt alone. Kim rode each contraction with me, and kept me so calm that we breezed through transition. I knew she was in my corner, and when it was time for baby to come she gave space for my hubby to be right there. She continued to coach and encourage me through pushing and stayed with us for a while after the birth. She is truly amazing, and our family is so thankful to have had her with us for our birth. I would totally go to her again for another pregnancy/delivery!


Natalie10/17/2022Kim was absoletly wonderful to have with us for the birth of our first child. From the moment we connected I felt like I was supported, all the way through initial post-partum period. I truly believe she key in having such a positive birth experience and will forever be grateful she was there with us! 


Sarah10/16/2022I can not say enough positive things about Kim and my experience with her. From start to finish, Kim's caring personality comes through and her love for what she does. I am a first time mom, Type A, and a bit of a last minute person - so when I found Kim I was already 35 weeks pregnant. Throughout the initial consultation (that I was behind the 8 ball on scheduling) - Kim made short work of catching us up to where I needed to be to feel better prepared for labor. On the day of delivery - Kim was exactly the presence I needed in the room, she ensured the type of labor I wanted was where we landed to the extent possible and allowed by the doctor. The hospital was short staffed on nurses and Kim stepped right in to ensure I felt supported throughout the entire time. She kept things light and calm, and constantly reminded me I could do this. Through the night and until 5am - Kim sat there and supported my partner and I to have a succesful delivery of our baby girl, documented our first moments together as a family and ensured the 2 hours of skin to skin were as magical of a moment as we all dream it will be. My labor would have been very different had I not had Kim in the room with me. I am so grateful for her love, care, support and experience. She truly was everything we needed to become a family of 3. If baby 2 is in the cards, Kim is the only person I would call - but this time sooner then 35 weeks!   


Julia Sandberg10/10/2022Every moment, from meeting Kim, and discussing my birth plan, up to leading into labor and delivery, was an unforgettable experience. The level of comfort and safety she allowed me to feel through the journey was very reassuring, and supportive. I am forever grateful for her consistent positivity and extensive shared knowledge throughout my pregnancy. 


Kara K10/3/2022Kim was my doula in July 2021 and I am forever grateful she was there - unplanned/or last minute planned C-section mamas, it is STILL worth it to have a doula! She calmed my nerves and was the most maternal and nurturing presence to me after my son went to the NICU and my husband went with him. I wasn't alone because of her. She is truly a gift to new moms. 


Rachel Delicate7/30/2020Kim is truly fantastic. My husband and I had Kim as our doula for both of our children's births. She is the calm in the midst of the chaos! Even before delivery, knowing she was fully accessible via phone/text to answer ANY questions big or small was truly comforting. She is extremely knowledgeable and has wonderful advice because she has seen it all! During labor, in the hardest moments, Kim had a way of reminding me how strong I was and keeping me calm and focused. Her little one liners kept me going and helped me through the most challenging contractions. Kim is incredibly kind, genuine and down to earth. She also has a great sense of humor. Our family is complete with our two beautiful kids, and my husband and I are honored that Kim got to be a part of their birth stories. 


Rachel3/8/2020I went into my second pregnancy looking for a doula who could help me heal from a semi-traumatic c/section, advocate for me in a hospital setting, and be a guide through my birth. Kim was all of that and more. She has the right combination of spunk, fire, patience, sensitivity, and honesty that worked for me and my husband. I asked Kim specifically to guide me through healing from my c/section and to help in my preparation for a natural (pure) birth with labor at home. She did all that and more - Kim was available for months on end to answer all sorts of my wack-a-doodle questions, texts, and to talk me through doctors visits and understand what questions to ask of my providers. My husband felt included, supported, and involved because of her guidance and knowledge. I can't say enough about how wonderful she is! During my actual labor, I felt confident and strong because of all the guidance she provided me beforehand, and Kim was an INVALUABLE guide while my body worked naturally for hours on end for a successful VBAC. I truly and 100% attribute having the birth of my dreams to her presence, help, suggestions, hard work, patience, and availability... and can't wait to do it again, with her by my side!


Lizette Lamboy1/29/2020My experience with Kim from day one has been so remarkable.  From the first time we spoke on the phone she sounded so warm and inviting, from there on I knew in my heart that she would be a good match for our family as a Doula. Our initial consultation she came to our house with a warm and inviting smile. She answered all my questions and any concerns I had.  She was experienced in high risk pregnancies which I was due to my age.  I was nervous, scared, and anxious when it was time to go to the hospital but she managed to talk to me and coach me through it.Kim knew that I wanted to have no epidural and have a natural childbirth. She coached me on my breathing exercises, kept me calm throughout my 20 hours of labor, she even stood in the bathroom while I was soaking in the warm shower to ease the pain. She knew I was exhausted, tired, frustrated and she kept rooting for me like a cheerleader does in a football game...lol.  My husband even got some support from Kim because he was a bit nervous as well.At the end of it all I had a beautiful healthy baby girl 8 lbs. 3 oz. and I can thank Kim for being so supportive and helpful. She’s amazing at being a Doula but most of all she’s amazing at being a good person and that’s what overall I got from her. Thank you so much Kim!  


Pilar Labriola1/27/2020Kim is absolutely THE BEST!  From the moment we first spoke to her, her professionalism and love for what she did spoke volumes.  As first time parents, it was such a relief to have her available as a reference during the process of all of our doctor visits, ultrasounds and tests.  When it was "GO TIME", Kim was right there!  The process of us having our son was 25 hours from the time we arrived at the hospital until he was born.  Kim was right by our side and never left. I remember looking at her at one point and told her that she needed to charge more! ( I really meant it...this was taking forever :))  In the end, she was right by our side when our beautiful baby boy made his appearance and she stayed even longer to make sure we were comfortable and that Nicholas was nursing properly.  She followed up repeatedly and we still chat now and again.  We love her to the moon and back and highly highly recommend Kim!!!!! 


Lisa12/29/2019Kim is an amazing doula who was very supportive throughout my pregnancy. I made the decision to try for VBAC and she was very supportive and encouraging of that decision. Kim is very knowledgeable but knows her limits not being a medical professional. I always felt like she was available if I had questions or concerns. Kim was very present with me throughout labor and delivery of my daughter. She made me feel strong and very capable of having my baby naturally and avoiding cesarean. Both her tools and tricks during labor were wonderful!  She is a rockstar and made me feel like one too! My labor and birth will always be a very beautiful and memorable moment because of her! Thank you Kim for making me feel strong, safe and capable!   


Tipsuda Kongtong11/5/2017Choosing Kim as our doula was the best decision my husband and I made throughout my entire pregnancy. Although this was our second pregnancy, I still wanted someone to support me in preparing for labor and I also wanted someone who could support my husband. Kim is extremely professional but personnable, non judgemental and kind. She is adaptable in that, if you prefer things a certain way, she's able to accomodate you. I told her upfront that I needed a hands-on doula and that was what she did for us. She was timely in all her responses to my phone calls and text messages.  When I went into labor, she was at the hospital immediately and was prepared with her doula bag. She made sure that my husband and I didn't have to worry about the little logistical aspects of being in a drabby hospital room (because of her extensive experience she knew exactly where to go, who to contact, etc.) She really was my rock throughout the entire process and we feel extremely blessed to have met her and  to have had her support. I also want to add that not only was Kim extremely knowledgable about the birthing process but she provided us with lactation support as well. We had an excellent experience with Kim and highly recommend her!


Lyndsay W9/25/2017The second that Kim answered her phone, I knew immediately that I was making the right decision. My first birth with my first daughter didn't go so great and my husband and I decided that we wanted someone to be there for support and to advocate for us. I also knew that I wanted an unmedicated birth and that I needed someone there who knew what they were doing.  I  talked to Kim for about a half an hour that first call. We decided to meet with Kim at a Starbucks a few days later. We walked in and she gave me the biggest hug and the warmest welcome. I felt so comfortable with her. We discussed her philosophies and her experience as a doula. She explained her services and answered the many questions that my husband and I both had. After that meeting we signed the contract. For the next couple of months she would just check in over text to make sure everything was ok. But it was towards the end of of my pregnancy that her services became immeasurable. My second daughter came three days later than my due date and I called Kim every day crying and she was always there to make me feel better. She talked me through everything and she was someone I really relyed on to help me get through, what seemed like, the longest pregnancy ever. The night I went into labor, my water broke and I called her immedietly. It was 2:30 in the morning and she answered her phone immedietly. She told me she would meet me at the hospital. My labor was so fast but she made it just in time. She held my hand and helped me breathe. It was just a comfort to know that she was there by my side. And my husband happily stood back while I gave birth to our second daughter. After she was born, Kim stayed with us for another 3 hours to help us get comfortable at the hospital. After we got home, Kim did one house visit and still checks in from time to time. She is incredible and I wouldn't have been able to do it without her! I highly recommend Kim O'Rourke she is really amazing.


Carrie Miles9/3/2017Kim was amazing.  She gave the support that both my husband and I needed.  I couldn't imagine doing it without her!


Michele Carlor6/9/2015Kim is absolutely fantastic---loveeee her!!!!She is knowledgeable, helpful, and always available to answer any questions. My labor experience with Kim was great. She was supportive of me and helped me to relax throughout the entire labor and delivery process. Prior to labor and delivery, Kim met with myself and my husband to lay out our birth plan and see what our wishes were. While in labor she made sure that our plan was adhered to (no drugs until I ask).During at home visits, she is very helpful with teaching proper breastfeeding techniques and providing the support a new mom needs.I could not have done a natural childbirth without Kim and I would have Kim be our Doula again in a heartbeat.


Amy Berenbak11/2/2014Kim O'Rourke is an amazing woman and doula.  My husband and I hired Kim and throughout my pregnancy she was there every step of the way.  We did a birthing class with Kim which was informative and truly helpful. During labor and delivery, Kim helped me feel relaxed, encouraged and so supportive.  I trusted her to throughout the whole experience. Kim made me feel safe which was an amazing feeling. We had such a great team. Kim caught our baby girl!!!  It was beautiful!!  After we had her, Kim supported me around breastfeeding. I couldn't of done it without her...I am forever grateful for Kim.Amy PohndorfHoboken, NJ


Monica Rosenbaum Bergman11/1/2014I can't begin to express the gratitude I have for Kim. She was so supportive and friendly fron our first meeting and thru our entire labor and delivery process. Kim was by the phone at all hours waiting for my call and responding to any question as my due date came near. My water broke two weeks prior to my due date and I had no contractions or labor for over 14 hours. Kim stayed in touch with me and offered support and guidance as they wanted to start induction. She offered natural alternatives to try and stimulat labor as she knew I wanted to try to go medication and intervention free. When nothing was working she supported my choice to start pitocin and walked me thru what will happen and what to expect. Her knowledge and bedside manner is incomparable. She was ready to come be with me at any time. I finally said it was time and she was there in a flash. As my labor got more and more intense and I was unable to not push at only 6cm I opted for an epi so I wouldn't hurt myself or my baby. She helped me to calm myself and sit for the injection and then worked me through the entire delivery and into our first latch for breastfeeding. I would not have made it without her. My husband as supportive as he was being didn't know how to help me and I was so glad that he was able to enjoy the labor and delivery process for himself and not have too much of me yelling at him.Again the BEST money I ever spent and BEST choice I could have made. Kim is amazing!


Dorota Cwynar9/22/2014Our experience with Kim was extremely positive.  She met with us for a meet and greet, then a consultation at home, was at the hospital for the labor and then also visited me at home few days after the birth.  She was very professional, responsive, knowledgable and personable.  She helped me go through the contractions.  When the labor wasn't progressing, she helped me move things forward.  While pushing, I was holding her with my right hand and the bed rail with the other.  I think that my hudband felt little jealous, but I knew that Kim will help me deliver the baby.  I gave birth naturally to a healthy baby boy whom I started nursing right away.  Upon return home, Kim visited me and helped me with breastfeeding and baby care questions. I recovered well from the labor and my son is still drinking breastmilk.  If we become pregnant, we will ask Kim to be our doula again.


Robin N Brenner8/28/2014I can't say enough good things about Kim. My husband and I chose Kim as our doula based on the high number of births she had attended (the number has since grown quite a bit), the fact that she gave birth naturally four times (three times at the hospital where I gave birth, and once at home), and the fact that she is very familiar with our hospital and the nurses/doctors there.Kim is not only an experienced and knowledgeable doula and lactation consultant, but she is also a very kind, loving, and supportive person. I unfortunately had to have a c-section (we knew ahead of time), and it took a long time for me to get over it emotionally. Kim was there every step of the way, from the moment we found out that this would be the case, through the surgery (literally at my side and holding my hand), and during my recovery.I then relied quite heavily on Kim for breastfeeding advice and for support during a brief but intense period of post-partum depression. Kim reassured me that we all struggle adjusting to motherhood, but it gets easier with time. (True!) I was consistently impressed with Kim's responsiveness, availability, and willingness to go the extra mile to research issues and answer my questions. Kim checked up on me more often than my doctor did!What I also appreciate about Kim is that she is not "preachy." She will explain things to you from a medical perspective, then give you her own opinion based on her experiences with her children, and then support whatever decision you make. She does not judge or criticize.Even though I'm now much more "settled" and confident as a mother, which means that I don't contact Kim as much as I used to, I still consider her a friend and valuable resource. In fact, my sister-in-law just had a baby, and whenever I give her advice, much of it is attributable to Kim! Simply put, you will not regret choosing Kim as your doula, and I would recommend her to anyone.


Sunny Vandenbossche8/26/2014When I got pregnant, I knew nothing about doulas. Thinking about childbirth, the only thing my husband and I thought we wanted was me to be drug free. We envisioned a calm, natural, peaceful birth and all of that was made possible for us through Kim. When we met, we thought she was a good fit but after Liam’s birth, we know she was the best fit.Because of my personality, I knew I was going to need someone with the perfect balance of strength and tenderness to get me through the process. Not only is she a wealth of knowledge and experience but she was so patient with all of our questions and millions of texts.Through Kim, I felt empowered during my pregnancy (like changing from an OB to a Midwife at 36 weeks) and during Liam’s birth to make decisions that we didn’t know we could otherwise. I feel so blessed to have had her love and support. She is passionate about being a doula and it truly is her calling. It gives you a sense of peace to know that when you are faced with so many variables that you will always have someone in your corner.


Erin Moreng8/25/2014We are so glad we had Kim with us during my labor and birth. She gave a lot of support and advice leading up to the labor, and was always on call for any questions I had before D day.Kim has a gentle yet supportive approach and knows all the tricks to help with the labor. My husband loved that he could rest or step out to get something to eat knowing I was in good hands. Kim stayed positive and encouraged me when I was ready to give up.Kim worked really well with my doctor and all of the nurses during my 24 hours in the hospital before my baby was born. It was comforting to be able to talk through any decisions or interventions with Kim rather than making a quick decision without weighing my options.After my baby was born Kim continued to check in with me and answer all of my silly questions.  Labor is tough, and having a support system makes it a little better. I highly recommend working with Kim to give you extra confidence and support during your labor.