DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
5 TESTIMONIALS

Kimberly Suarez

Little Sister Doula

Colts Neck, NJ  Service range 30 miles

https://www.littlesisterdoula.com

Birth Fee

$2000 to $2500

CONTACT KIMBERLY VIEW KIMBERLY 'S AVAILABILITY

Shelly4/24/2023I am over the moon about the incredible experience I had with Kim from Little Sisters Doula! After a difficult birth experience with my first child, I knew I wanted a doula by my side for my second pregnancy. From the very beginning, Kim was fully invested in my birth story and was a true partner in my pregnancy journey.Kim's support was invaluable throughout my pregnancy, from helping me prepare for the best birth experience possible, including baby positioning and relaxation techniques, to providing much-needed emotional support. During labor, Kim was an absolute warrior who stood by my side the entire time and helped me navigate decision-making, making me feel empowered and confident.Kim was truly a partner to my midwife and worked alongside me, my husband, and the hospital staff to create a calm and peaceful environment that shifted my mindset and helped me achieve my dream birth experience. I could not have had an unmedicated birth without Kim's affirmations, breathing techniques, and spinning babies knowledge.I am so incredibly grateful for the amazing support that Kim provided throughout my pregnancy and birth experience. With her by my side, I was able to have the birth that I had always dreamed of. Thank you, Kim, for everything - I will never forget this magical experience!


Alina Mushailov12/6/2022I can honestly say that the birth of our daughter wouldn't have been the same without Kimberly and Angela's support. From our very first interaction, I felt very at ease and just knew that this support would be paramount in achieving the birth I was striving for. From the moment that my husband and I decided that we wanted to work with Little Sister Doula, the lines of communication were open and all of our questions and concerns were answered super quickly! Kimberly is super passionate about her work and that came through in all of our interactions. She is very organized and helped us put together with a perfect birth plan that even impressed the hospital staff. What's better yet is that in close partnership with my husband, Kimberly helped prepare for and achieve the no intervention birth that I had wanted. Even when I doubted my own ability to do it, her presence and bag of goodies (i.e. ice packs, anti-nausea stick, etc) made me believe that I can make it through just one more contraction each time until my baby was finally born. Kimberly and Angela continued to be there for us in postpartum as well, helping us navigate those initial difficult weeks with a newborn. As an expectant parent, hiring Kimberly is the best gift that you can give yourself as you navigate this journey!


Ashley10/27/2022Kimberly’s strengths are her passion and excitement for the birth experience. She was keen to learn about myself and the goals I had for my birth. Kimberly was attentive and communicated well with the staff. She advocated for myself in a professional manor and made sure to also share what was going on from their end. During labor their was a recommendation for medication to be used. It was not something I wanted or was sure about. Kimberly spoke with the staff expressing my/her concerns and was calm and polite the entire time. I never would have been able to go the unmedicated route if it weren’t for Kimberly’s support and breathing techniques for labor. 


Nicole9/15/2022I didn't realize how much I needed a doula until I got to the end of my pregnancy and felt unprepared and scared about giving birth. Kimberly stepped in (from 10 hours away), answered questions that I had about going into labor, guided me through my contractions and helped ease all my nerves! She also helped me with my breastfeeding journey when I was about to give up on it. I highly recommend Kimberly as a doula- you will be in great hands!


Jaynah Mendoza9/9/2022Going into my second pregnancy, I knew I wanted a different birth experience. My first birth felt like something that was done to me. I felt out of control, uneducated, and unable to advocate for myself. The experience was traumatic, and it impacted me deeply as a new mother. I interviewed a number of doulas to support me during my second pregnancy and delivery, but felt like I connected with Kim best. She was so warm and encouraging--I immediately felt like I could trust her. Throughout my pregnancy Kim listened to my concerns and fears relating to birth, and they she helped connect me with the resources and tools to start working through those fears and preparing myself for the birth I wanted. My birth experience, supported by Kim, was truly magical. Instead of feeling like birth was something that was done to me, this time I felt like my birth was something that I accomplished. I was able to do zero interventions, which had been my goal. Kim helped keep me and my partner calm and relaxed, which I believe allowed my labor to progress more quickly. Then, during my transition, when I truly felt I could not longer do it, Kim helped me push through. She seemed to inherently know exactly what support I needed in each phase of labor. I remember holding Kim's hand during one of those moments of intensity and fear, feeling so much safer because she was there.I'm so proud of myself for the birth I was able to have, and I know I will channel this feeling and carry it with me throughout motherhood as a reminder of all I am capable of. Thanks to Kim's gentle and knowledgeable support in my second birth experience, I've finally been able to let go of and heal from the trauma of my first birth. I'm so grateful to Kim for all her support.  