DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
3 TESTIMONIALS

Lori O'Connor CD(DONA)

Currents of Creation

Morristown, NJ  Service range 50 miles

862-324-0036

http://www.facebook.com/mindfulbirthnj/

Birth Fee

$1300 to $1700

CONTACT LORI VIEW LORI'S AVAILABILITY

Farah Ejaz8/23/2022Pros: I had a great experience with Lori. She is a great listener and gave me a lot of attention as I was proceeding towards my delivery. Her and I worked on my birthing plan and she was all ears and open to suggestions with some positions that would help meet my goal in having a vaginal birth. She checked up on me regularly as I got closer to my delivery date and made sure I was feeling fine. During birth, Lori stayed by my bed throughout and provided me comfort and spoke words of encouragement. She listened to me carefully and provided me the support I dreamed of. She gave me massages, setup the room with dimmed lights and brought her diffuser (of my choice) along with a speaker to keep the atmosphere calm and relaxed just like I wanted. For deep dive questions at the moment of having contractions I relied heavily on my Midwife and Kept Lori in the loop as to what was happening and she provided me guidance on what to expect. She took photos and videos of my birth and now I look back at them and feel so glad that she did. After postpartum, she stopped by to check on me and my son...we chatted for hours. I would recommend Lori to an expecting mom to build a relationship with Lori so she can understand your needs and meet them as you progress towards your delivery. She is an empath who loves helping others. Cons: Doula certification document needs to be ready at the time of delivery to be allowed in the delivery room. 


Marisa Laureni7/15/2020Hello Moms-to-be:First, congratulations. And, let me re-inforce your decision to hire a doula for the birth of your child. You're doing the right thing. Second, let me suggest that you speak with Lori O'Connor as you look for the right person. In addition to being experienced, knowledgeable, and strong, she'll listen to your needs and preferences and help you create the best birthing experience possible. She'll be the first to say that you need to find someone you are 100% comfortable with, and she is right. Lori has a calmness about her that both me and my partner were drawn to. Between the two of them, I felt fully supported throughout the birth of my son. She both encouraged me and comforted me according to what I needed. She always had suggestions for what movements or techniques we could try next as labor progressed. And she took me in hand when it was all over and helped me through the euphoria/exhaustion/unreality of it all once I had my son in my arms. She's the best.   


stefanie b10/29/2018Lori was my doula for both my pregnancies and deliveries.  I lost my first sone due to unexplained still birth at 39 weeks.  She was calm, supportive, helped me manage my care by minimizing disruption, helping to explain what was happening in simple terms, and made sure I understood what was going on.  She went above and beyond to gether my bag (which I had left at home), provide any comfort she could, and be my advocate when I needed it most.  I ended up having a c-section, but she was there for me post partum to check on my healing and emotional well-being.For my second son she helped to create a positive birthing environment filled with color and music.  She brough her own props and helped me manage the pain when the staff tried to induce me manually.  Although I ended up not having a successful VBAC and required a 2nd c-section, she was present post op and followed up both in the hospital and at home to check on my healing and emotional well-being.Lori is so excited about being a doula and helping mothers bring new life into the world.  She would be an excellent choice for anyone looking for a meditative, positive, and supported birthing experience.