DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
3 TESTIMONIALS

Luipa Khandker

Blissful Birth NJ

Edison, NJ  Service range 50 miles

Birth Fee

$1000

CONTACT LUIPA VIEW LUIPA'S AVAILABILITY

Marisa J.3/15/2023I highly recommend Luipa as a doula on your birth team. After a long and difficult first labor with epidural complications, I knew I wanted to try an unmedicated birth the second time. My husband and I asked Luipa to be our doula knowing that we felt unprepared the first time on our own to handle the intensity and duration of labor. She was an integral part of our team and I would not have been able to achieve an unmedicated birth without her. About a month before my due date, she came to our house for a consultation and education session. Even though we’d gone through labor before, my husband and I found ourselves asking questions and learning a lot. My husband and I agree that having her there once labor started was completely worth it: she helped us to assess where I was in the labor process, was hands-on in alleviating my pain with massage and pressure the entire time, gave suggestions for positions to try when I would start to get tired, was encouraging and positive, reminded me to go to the bathroom and sip water, and was an advocate in the hospital. She was an active part of our team but never “took over” my husband’s role as primary support person; she enabled him to do his part to the best of his abilities. These things are not small – they can make the difference between an exhausting/difficult and positive/empowering experience. Regardless of the birth you envision, I am absolutely certain Luipa can help you to achieve a positive and beautiful birth. 


Lubaina Ahmad3/12/2023Luipa was my doula for the birth of both of my babies. My son was born premature due to pre-eclampsia and hellp syndrome at 36 weeks. I wanted a natural birth with no epidural and thanks to Luipa I was able to do this. Not only do her pain management techniques work, she has a calming peaceful presence, is extremely knowledgeable, and has the perfect balance of providing guidance but letting you take the lead. She was wonderful once again when I birthed my daughter, this time opting for the epidural. My husband and I could not be more grateful for having had her as our doula. 


Ramya3/11/2023My husband and I are super grateful to Luipa for being an incredibly kind and knowledgeable doula! We had no idea we wanted a doula early in my pregnancy. As I got close to childbirth, I started looking into tips on having a no-epidural birth. Given that both of us were clueless for our first baby, we decided it would be a great idea to have a doula.Right after we chose Luipa, she set up a visit to our home and gave us a personal presentation on the basics of childbirth. The presentation was super informative and helpful. She also showed us massages and postures that are helpful during the painful phases. Leading up to delivery day (it was a long wait!), she was always available through message for me to ask any doubts I had. Finally, when the day arrived, I called Luipa early in the morning when I started to feel contractions. She had a video call with me to gauge where I was and we synced up a few times. She immediately made a plan to come to our home and helped me labor for almost an hour more at home. We got to the hospital and I was lucky to have a quick delivery after that. Luipa really helped me get through intense contractions in the comfort of my own home before heading to the hospital. Throughout the process, she helped us by giving us basic childbirth knowledge, answering lots of questions, and helping us navigate the whole childbirth experience. Thank you Luipa!