DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
7 TESTIMONIALS

Marise Angibeau-Gray

4 Memphys Doula

Plainfield, NJ  Service range 70 miles

2679399722

https://www.4memphys.com

Birth Fee

$1200 to $1600

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $60

Black Doula

CONTACT MARISE VIEW MARISE'S AVAILABILITY

Megan Hoche5/21/2023I am so lucky to have found Marise! She was my birth and postpartum doula for my first birth following a difficult journey with infertility and loss. Her understanding of my history helped me emotionally navigate difficulties along the way. She helped me through an early loss (vanishing twin) and a few setbacks during pregnancy and labor that led to some difficult decisions. Having her by my side through it all was invaluable. Her presence and attention, her patience and compassion, her confidence and immense knowledge- all of these qualities helped me surrender to the process and bring my baby to this world safely.As a postpartum doula, she helped me process my birth story and brought me warm nourishing meals. She helped me with early breastfeeding challenges, and provided resources to connect me with other professionals.Having a calm and steady, non-judgmental witness throughout the entire journey- from loss to pregnancy, labor, and finally postpartum- has helped me find peace and gain confidence as a new mother. I cannot recommend her enough!


Thalia Pericles10/3/2022I had the pleasure of being connected with Marise through my accupunturist and she was (and is!) truly a God send at a time when we needed her the most.  I was looking for a doula for support during pregnancy and mainly during the labor and delivery process and Marise was super supportive throughout the entire journey.  Whenever I had questions leading  up to doctors appointments or even random questions that would come up in between, I reached out to her and she always responded promptly either by text, phone, call or email. It was very important for me to feel empowered and informed during my pregnancy and delivery journey, and Marise helped me with that tremendously.  We worked on my birth plan together which helped me to feel prepared. When my natural delivery unexpectedly turned into an emergency c-section  and plans suddenly changed, Marise was so flexible and supported my husbnad and I in the ways that we needed.  I would highly recommend her to friends and family looking for a doula! She was amazing!


LeeAnn Hriniak7/12/2022Marise was INCREDIBLE. Both my husband and I were so grateful for her presence before and during the birth of our baby boy. She was always available for questions, had plenty of different personal experiences to share, and was comforting when the birth process took turns. She really helped me think through decisions and was the perfect advocate with the nurses and midwives. It was also beautiful that she supported and gave a peptalk to my husband when he felt beaten down after seeing me in pain. Marise was attentive the entire 21.5 hours plus another 2 after baby was born. She is still even checking in with me about my recovery and other challenges as a first time mama!


Qimmiq Rosa5/3/2022From the initial video interview, I knew Marise was the perfect match for me & my fiancé. Through the video, we felt an immediate connection to her & her good vibe and energy penetrated through the screen. Marise was so helpful, not only for my birthing experience, but she assisted me with navigating through ridiculous health insurance issues, demanding doctors & unexpected scary diagnoses. Marise always provided me with articles and resources that would help me make informed decisions. Weighing the risks and benefits is something that I learned from Marise and I will take with me forever. This was my first pregnancy and I am so thankful that we had Marise to help bring our SUN earth side. From pregnancy to labor to postpartum, Marise was with us every step of the way. No matter the time, day or how annoying I was with all my questions (hahaha), Marise was willing and able to assist and always put my mind at ease. Marise is amazing and I'll be sure to stay connected with her forever. 


Trusha3/1/2021Marise supported me and my newborn son when he was three weeks old.  I had a tough time recovering for a C-section which is the reason we turned to Doula support.  I'm so very grateful to Marise for helping us during those early weeks with newborn care, product recommendations, and recuperating tips for me.  She provided guidance on breastfreeding, sleep cycle, bathing and feeding schedule.  She was very knowledgeable and willing to share resources and tips from our very first call (even before I had decided to leverage her support).  Her authentic, open, and empathetic style fit right into our family.  She offered ways she can help since I didn't even know what I didn't know as a new mom.  She has stayed in touch with me to see how we're doing and is very generous in providing answers and guidance to this day.  I value Marise's continued support, kindness and friendship.  I highly recommend working with Marise.  Thank you Marise for everything.  


Liza2/18/2021Marise is AMAZING!! She was my doula for my first birth. I had a very long birth and was having a really hard time as my epidural did not fully work. She knew exactly what to do and how to help me. She helped me feel like I was safe and that everything that was happening was normal and okay. She was so soothing, but also professional and knew exactly what boundaries she should have with the hospital staff and everyone else around. She helps keep a calm inner circle when your surroundings may be hectic. She also brought tools that helped me when I was going through my contractions. My labor was 24 hours long and from the second she got there I had her full attention, even as my labor went straight through the night. It was during a snowstorm and she didn't make me feel bad at all that she was going to have to drive home during the worst snowstorm in years (the one on February 1, 2021 in NYC where the city was shut down except for essential workers!).She was also an amazing resource and support before and after the birth and just made me feel so comfortable and at ease.Overall, I am so grateful she was my doula I genuinely don't know how I would've gotten through my birth without her. 


Janelle Nicholas10/15/2020I gave birth to my son Jaxon on September 2, 2020 and I began working with Marise upon my return home on September 9, 2020. Working with Marise was insightful, fun and motivating.  I appreciated that prior to the start of our 6-week virtual post partum support, Marise sent an email detailing the services she would provide such as trouble-shooting infant feeding questions and concerning and emotional support. As well, she offered one-hour sessions on a weekly basis (or less if desired) and she provided options such as meeting via phone, video, email or even text messaging. I opted for weekly, one-hour video calls. For every session Marise was punctual, enthusiastic and ready to answer all my questions.Not only did Marise answer my many questions as a first time mommy, she eased my anxieties and concerns when Jaxon’s doctors expressed concerns about his weight gain. They felt he was not gaining enough weight after leaving the hospital. I initially felt disappointment in myself because I thought it was my fault he was not gaining enough weight.However, my anxieties and disappointments were significantly decreased after discussing the matter with Marise. She assured me it was not my fault and I was going a great job caring for Jaxon. She provided sound advice and materials on breastfeeding and formula options.  In fact, to date Jaxon is doing fine and he continues to gain weight and remain healthy.Moreover, Marise was not all business every time we video chatted and we would often have good laughs about our experiences as mothers and interactions with our children.Marise was professional, sympathetic and emphatic and she was kind. Therefore, I would highly recommend her services to others including my own family and friends.  