DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
48 TESTIMONIALS

Maria Vesper, CD(CBI), HCHD

Bloom Doula & Birth Services

Clinton, NJ  Service range 40 miles  email: Mariavesperdoula@gmail.com

908-280-0844

https://bloomdoulabirth.com/

Birth Fee

$1600 to $2200

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $65

CONTACT MARIA VIEW MARIA'S AVAILABILITY

Allison Smith9/8/2022Maria was my doula for the birth of my first child and I could not be more grateful for the guidance and support she provided before, during and after my daughter's birth. The first time I spoke to Maria, I was immediately struck by her calm and soothing voice and demeanor. I knew that was the type of energy I wanted around me during this time. Maria’s presence continued to be the calming force that was needed while we went through the different phases of birth and had to make unexpected decisions. Hiring a doula was an important step for us as we got ready for our birth. The classes that Maria offered helped us to prepare by educating us on many aspects of labor and birth, as well as what to expect for our hospital stay. Maria was available by phone to answer all my questions as we got closer to our due date and she checked in after each one of my doctor’s appointments. I prepared for labor by studying and practicing Hypnobirthing techniques, which Maria was well versed in and guided me through. Having Maria by my side from the moment I checked into the hospital was so comforting. She was there to support my husband as well as myself, and I don’t know how we would have made some of the unexpected and hard decisions without her. At each decision point, she was there to educate us, talk though our worries and concerns, help us advocate for ourselves and help us stay aligned with our birth plan as much as possible. Maria stayed with us until after our baby was born and had a good latch for her first breastfeeding session. She continued to stay in contact with us and I truly felt I could reach out to her with any questions I had during postpartum. I’m so grateful for Maria's support and I'm thankful she was on this journey with us.


Elizabeth H4/10/2020As a first time mom, I was focused on building a strong birth team that would support me in creating a positive, natural birth experience.  Looking back, giving birth to our little boy was the toughest, most empowering thing I've ever done and Maria was such an essential part of that experience.  From the moment we started working with her, we felt totally supported as she sought to understand what we were looking for and helped translate that into a tangible birth plan.  She listened to us as we expressed our hopes and concerns and we always felt like she was a strong objective voice drawing on her experience supporting so many other parents-to-be.  When it was finally go time, and throughout the labor process, Maria was the calm, encouraging, positive anchor that I was looking for to help bring my baby into the world.  I could not imagine my journey into motherhood without her in my corner and would highly recommend her to all expecting mamas!   


Nicholas Courtney3/31/2020This recommendation is way overdue!  My name is Nick Courtney, and my wife wanted a doula this go around since we decided to have the birth at a hospital.  Maria was MORE than helpful.  Her calm and reassuring demeanor immediately set us both at ease.  She was accessible, polite, and extremely knowledgeable.  My wife and I loved having her as our doula and would HIGHLY recommend her!


Nana Wilberforce2/20/2020Hiring Maria as my doula was the best decision I made throughout my pregnancy.  Early on she asked us what our goals were and then worked with us without judgment to help us meet them.  In particular, we talked through all of the different options and scenarios for pregnancy and I ultimately determined that I wanted to do a fully natural birth if possible.  I was only able to accomplish this with Maria as our doula.  Every step of the way, she helped us take a step back and consider what was best for me and our family.  This was particularly crucial once labor began because every time a different potential medical scenario came up, we could stop and talk through whether we really needed to do the intervention (e.g. inducing).  She has a wonderful demeanor and is pleasant to be around (even during labor).  She was always available by text or phone at any time and was basically on call throughout the holidays as my baby was due early January.  Her postpartum visits were invaluable as well as I was having trouble with breastfeeding.  She again helped synthesize information we had received from different sources and provided me with the resources I needed to go towards resolving my issues, including having me reach out to her partner Nancy and a lactation consultant.  I implore anyone pregnant to hire a doula, but I especially implore you to hire Maria!


Susan2/20/2020Maria made the transition to motherhood as smooth as possible for me.  From pre-birth meetings to postpartum sessions, she was supportive, informative, and kind.  She met me where I was in terms of philosophy and beliefs and guided me from there.  Maria was an amazing resource for me as I learned my newborn's habits and needs and she somehow knew exactly what I needed at every turn.  I am so grateful to have had her!


Vicki2/18/2020Hiring Maria was one of the best decisions I made during my pregnancy. From our first phone conversation, I knew her calm presence was what I wanted with me during my pregnancy and birthing journey. She also introduced me to Hypnobabies and answered any questions I had regarding the program. The moment she arrived at our apartment during my birthing time, both my husband and I felt a sense of relief. She let my husband finish getting a few things ready while she applied the most incredible counterpressure for me. Over the next few hours she encouraged me, kept me hydrated, let me go at my own pace, and was always there (with the counterpressure, amen!).I highly recommend Maria to anyone considering hiring a doula. She has so much experience, is extremely knowledgable, provides encouragement as needed, and is the most genuine, kind, and peaceful woman I have ever met. 


Jess9/22/2019I really can't even put into words how grateful I am to have had Maria at my side during the delivery of my second daughter. I had a fairly traumatic delivery with my older daughter 4 years ago, and I approached my second pregnancy and delivery with great trepidation. From our first meeting, I knew that Maria would be the calming presence that was missing from my first birth experience. Maria met with us twice, in our home, to understand our past experience and help plan for this delivery. During the last 2 weeks of my pregnancy, she responded to all my panicked texts and helped keep me grounded and positive. And when I got induced, she stayed in touch all day and showed up at the hospital exactly when we needed her. Labor, transition and delivery all went way faster than I expected, but Maria was calm, collected and supportive the whole way. During our planning session, we had talked about some keywords or phrases that I would like to hear when things got tough - Maria didn't forget, and knew exactly what to say to reach me when no one else could.There were some complications (with me, not baby!) after my daughter was born, so while my husband was off bonding with baby, Maria never left my side. She held my hand during one of the most painful procedures of my life and was entirely focused on my well-being. Without Maria, it unquestionably would have been a very scary experience. But because Maria was part of my team (along with a fantastic midwife and OB) I felt safe and cared for. That made all the difference in the world. 


Reena and Cameron9/9/2019We worked with Maria for the delivery of our first baby, in February and had a wonderful experience. She is professional, warm, and calming. We spoke with other doulas but felt instantly comfortably with Maria after our interview/meeting with her. In particular, we decided to work with her because she was logical and knowledgeable, and answered our questions in a patient, straightforward manner. She worked with us to discuss anxieties and pain management techniques, develop our birth preferences, and set delivery goals. She has supported hundreds of births and her vast experience allowed her to anticipate the events of the day and reassure both of us. When my water broke, we called Maria as well as our doctor, and ultimately decided on a course of action based on what Maria suggested (in order to avoid induction). During labor, although I had the support of multiple nurses, Maria ultimately suggested the actual pushing position that led to the birth of our baby girl. The decisions we made, which we felt empowered to make because of Maria, enabled me to avoid a c section and have a fantastic birth experience. I truly do not think it would have gone half as well without her support. We are grateful that we were able to work with her!


Kristen Hatton8/5/2019Maria was truly a godsend. I didn't know how much I needed her until I was days into labor and was starting to lose it. She was there for me at 2am when I needed her to come over. Her energy kept me calm - I never even moaned! She helped empower me so I could deliver my 9lb 12oz baby boy naturally! I would use her again in a heartbeat. 


Chelsea G.7/20/2019Before meeting Maria, I was a nervous first time expectant mother, unsure of what my birth would entail. My husband and I had heard of a doula and were hopeful to find a person to be alongside us as we prepared for the birth of our baby. From the moment we met Maria, we immediately felt calmer. She has an indescribable presence that makes you feel secure. Through our meetings, she took more time that we could have hoped for to make sure I felt calm and prepared. We practiced labor and birth techniques and she answered all the questions my husband and I had. When it came to my birth, she did not leave our sides. She helped me feel strong and in control until the very end. My husband looks back on the entire experience and always says that she was just as much an angel for him as she was for me. The time Maria spent with us once we returned back him with our baby was just as important to us as the birth was. Having her in our home to debrief such a special day for us, as well as to help me through my emotions as a new mother, is a gift and experience that we are forever grateful for. Maria has been everything to our little family and we will without a doubt have her alongside us for our future babies. We are blessed to have Maria brought into our lives, she has given me a confidence and love for pregnancy and for childbirth that I never could have imagined. Maria is truly an angel.


Elissa Backas7/17/2019This was the birth of my second child. I made a huge mistake not having a doula the first time around. What a difference! I felt so much more relaxed just knowing she was there to hep me. I only wished I had called her sooner to come when I was laboring at home, but I wasn't sure if I was really in labor yet. I was texting her the whole time though and she was giving me helpful advice on how to deal with the pain.She really helped so much with the pain in the hospital. She had me on the birthing ball and she was applying counter pressue. I still chose to get an epidural, but those three contractions I had to endure without her in the room were the worst. Even after I got the epidural, she worked hard to get me as comfortabe as possible so I could rest.I would highly reccommend Maria, she was awesome.


Kayleigh7/17/2019We asked Maria to come to our home before going to the hospital, and her help meant that we spent at least six more hours at home than we would have otherwise. Then, when we got to the hospital, she knew exactly where we needed to go and what needed to be done. When the birth ended up deviating from the plan, Maria responded exactly how I asked and was very respectful of my choices.Maria also met with my husband and I a few weeks before the birth - we were felt so prepared after this that we didn’t end up taking a birthing class.Maria was, in large part, the reason I was happy with my birth experience. While my husband was very involved and supportive, he could not have provided all of the care I needed during labor. I will would recommend Maria to anyone looking for a calm, supportive doula to help you through any kind of birth, especially with a first birth.


Stacey Lee Errico2/4/2019Maria is a lifesaver!  After my son was born, I was a typical neurotic first-time mom, afraid to let anyone other than myself hold him, but I trusted Maria.  She was an angel - trustworthy, sincere, compassionate, knowledgable, and just an overall breath of fresh air.  She taught me better ways to care for my son and helped me around the house while I was recovering from the c-section.  I cannot recommend her enough.


Yesenia Almanzar2/2/2019Hiring Maria to aid in the birth of our daughter was one of the best decisions we could’ve made. Maria has a very warm and welcoming personality. I immediately felt at ease talking to her during our first interview. She joined us in our home during two separate times as my labor was over 2 days long. She answered all of our questions and gave us very helpful and wise advice. During our hospital stay , she ensured I was well taken care of and catered to my every need. my Husband and I both are forever grateful.  I truly couldnt fathom what our little girl’s birth would have been like without her. i can’t thank you enough for your help Maria. Please do not hesitate to pull the trigger and hire Maria as your doula. You will not Regret it.


Sarah Brotschul2/1/2019I was fortunate enough to have Maria as a postpartum doula when my son was about 3 months old. Maria was a lifesaver. As a new Mom I felt overwhelmed trying to conquer daily tasks like laundry, dishes, meals, vacuuming and self care (god forbid) while caring for and breastfeeding my infant son. Maria started every day by asking "What can I do to help you feel supported today?" (just typing those words bring tears to my eyes). Some days the answer would be definitive "laundry", others it would look more like a shower and space to feel like myself again, she conquered both with smile and kindness.Maria is perfectly suited as a doula, she is supportive, trustworthy, kind, caring, a nurturer and absolutely wonderful with babies (my son still adores her at 15 months old). I would wholeheartedly recommend Maria to any Momma, whether for birthing or postpartum services, she is a beautiful person. I will absolutely be using her if/when a second child is in our future.Enjoy!


Margarita Olivera11/24/2018Maria is amazing! I was convinced that I wanted an unmedicated birth but I wasn't sure I had the strength to do it. Maria listened to my desires and concerns and gave us the tools to make it possible. The labor was very long and exhausting and Maria gave us all the physical and emotional support me and my husband needed. She is very calm and confident, and made me feel relaxed and strong at the same time. I highly recommend Maria!


Snehal Sharma8/21/2018I can't say enough good things about Maria. My husband and I found her on doulamatch.net and reached out to her to meet with her to see if she would be a good doula match for us. From the moment we meet her, we felt at ease. Maria has a very peaceful and calming nature. Since this was my second pregnancy, I already knew what I was looking for in terms of help from a doula and Maria was on board with it all. When the time came, she was amazing. She is so knowledgable and her expertise helped me have a natural birth( something I had not planned on doing:). I can not recommend Maria enough! She is a wonderful doula. I am so happy I was able have her as my doula!


Isabelle Fabian8/7/2018Maria is absolutely incredible.  From the first meeting to the big day, she is a constant source of calm, information and guidance.  Upon meeting her, I immediately knew she would be an important presence at the birth of my daughter.  As a control freak with anxiety disorder, the process of making a detailed birth plan with Maria gave me a sense of control in an otherwise very unknown environment (since I'm a FTM).  As is often the case, my labor and delivery did not go anything like I imagined or planned, instead it went VERY QUICKLY.  Maria guided us through the whole process, kept us calm, rubbed my back, held my leg while I was pushing, wiped my forehead with a cold towel when I was sweating, and generally made sure I was doing ok.  I couldn't imagine going through labor and delivery without her there.  She is truly wonderful.


Latrisha Petersen7/19/2018This was my second pregnancy and we decided that we definitely wanted a doula this time around to help with natural child birth. My first experience was a bit traumatic and we hoped that a doula would help me to better cope with the pain and process of natural delivery. Maria came to our rescue, she was simply wonderful. We met with her a couple of times prior to my delivery where we practiced strategies for dealing with the contractions and the whole process of labor and delivery. She gave us many new techniques to try and practice. I started having early contractions for a full week before I delivered and Maria was available at every call and constantly in contact with us. On the day of my delivery Maria was wonderful. She was there with us through it all for the full 19 hours we were in the hospital from when my water broke until I delivered. She helped with giving ideas for ways we could kick start my active labor to coping strategies and pressure points once I reached active labor. I couldn't be happier with having her as a doula and would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a caring, calm, and very helpful doula to have with you during your pregnancy.


Neela S5/4/2018Maria is an amazing Doula!  She exceeded our expectations in so many ways.  She was very supportive before, during and after delivery.   She was a lifesaver during labor, knowing what to say and do.  She was calm and somehow knew what we needed at the right times.  I would highly reccomend her and would hire her again if we have another baby.


Stephanie Higgins4/6/2018When I met Maria, I immediately felt comforted by her warm presence. It was therapeutic to share with her my personal fears of childbirth and motherhood. She listened with an open heart and non judgment and was able to put my fears at ease. She has a special gift of evoking your inner goddess. I felt confident with my journey towards motherhood.I felt especially at ease with Maria as my doula since I was alone during the later part of my pregnancy. My husband was deployed in the Middle East and my family lived in another state. I had a lot of anxiety, but she made me feel nurtured and cared for. She was the very positive, caring female presence in a time when I needed it the most.During labor, Maria helped by suggesting certain positions for comfort to ease the sensations I was feeling. I felt supported and cared for. Overall I had the most positive birth experience I could have hoped for.Thank you, Maria. You’ll forever be a fond memory of my beautiful journey to motherhood.


cpark1282/19/2018Maria is great.  We really enjoyed working with her, and she was helpful every step of the way. We already recommended her to our friends.  She answered any questions we had, and we found her very knowledgeable.


Rasika Mahadik1/22/2018My husband and I were very lucky to have met someone like Maria Vesper. In our experiences with her, she was very patient, kind, compassionate, knowledgeable, informative, and full of positive energy. She guided us throughout the birth of our daughter and was such an essential part of the support team. She provided us with information, answered all of our questions, encouraged and supported me through my contractions and aided my husband in helping me as well. In the weeks leading up to my delivery, she kept in communication with me and heloed me develop a birth plan. She worked with us to help me to stay at home as long as possible and helped me to try different positions and use tools to manage pain until my contractions were consistent and progressing enough to head to the hospital. At the hospital, she worked alongside the doctors and nurses to suggest and helo me to implement pain relief without the use of drugs. She also kept both of our families informed of the progress in the delivery room. Both my husband and I are truly grateful for her services and for making my birthing experience a positive one!


Kaitlin Donovan Knauss12/12/2017I cannot thank Maria Vesper enough.  She was such a calming, steady, and reassuring presence during my hospital birth.  Though everything did not go exactly as planned, Maria was there to really help me make the decisions that I knew that I wanted for my birth experience.  There were multiple instances where I may have strayed from what I really wanted if Maria were not there.  Though the hospital staff was amazing and helpful, their views and suggestions were not always aligned with my wishes.  Because Maria had spent time getting to know me and my husband, she was there to remind and reassure us that we were in control of how our son was going to be born.Maria met with my husband and me a few times prior to the birth and we instantly felt comfortable with her.  We did not feel judged or pressured and felt completely at ease to ask questions and bring up any concerns.  Maria listened to what we wanted from our birth experience and was extremely helpful in offering strategies and techniques to help us.  I gave birth in the hospital and though my doctors and nurses were amazing, I felt that with Maria's support I was able to vocalize and be in control of the birth of my child, rather than following every suggestions by the hospital staff.  With the support of Maria and my husband, I was able to complete the rest of my birth as I wanted and have an amazing bonding experience with my son immediately.I would highly, highly recommend Maria as a doula for any woman/couple.


Gabriela Hanna Breitfeller11/9/2017We hired Maria for her doula services and we couldn't have been happier. She was very informative, calming, and supportive throughout my pregnancy and labor. Maria was our pillar throughout the labor process and made sure we were both taken care of. Without Maria, my labor experience would have felt more traumatic and terrifying. Her calm demeanor and ability to work with me through the process was exactly what I needed, which led to a very positive birth experience. If I am pregnant again in the future, she will be the first to know/hired.


Divya Cherian10/24/2017Maria was fantastic. She gave great advice in the final week or so before labor and even during it. She joined us at the hospital soon after we got there. Even though it was my second birth, my husband and I both feel—from our respective standpoints—that the long and exhausting labor could have turned out differently and for the worse, if it wasn’t for Maria. A big share of the credit for an intervention-free, natural birth with a healthy baby and mama at the end of it goes to Maria. She massaged my back for hours—from roughly 2 or maybe 3 am until past noon when the baby came—with just the perfect touch. Not too hard but yet so effective in taking the edge of my increasingly painful contractions. She brought along some massage aids that were great as the pain increased. She encouraged me to try different positions and use of a birthing ball. Her suggestions were effective in achieving the particular goal we had in mind at that time—whether it was some much needed rest in the middle of labor when I felt so exhausted that I could barely even stand (and lying down was impossible with the contractions) or if we needed to speed the labor along after many hours of laboring. She remembered to offer me water, to encourage me to empty my bladder, to get me to eat a little—all of which was necessary during the long and slow labor. In the final stages of labor, her calm and gentle instructions kept me centered and reminded me to try to focus my energy (mental and physical) on the labor and not on the pain. She worked wonderfully with the midwife, the nurses, and my husband in those final 45 minutes or so before the baby came. After the birth, she quietly stayed by my side as things settled down. We cannot express in 2000 characters just how grateful we are to Maria for being a source of invaluable support—physical, emotional, practical—during a labor that turned out to be longer and harder than we were prepared for.


Christine Hensler9/15/2017My husband and I decided to hire a doula because as a first time mom, I had a lot of anxiety and fears regarding labor and delivery. I wanted a natural delivery and knew we would need additional support to make it through and also help us make important decisions for our birth experience. We could not be more pleased with Maria. We interviewed 3 doulas and chose Maria because we were both instantly comfortable with her. She is extremely knowledgeable and also had hypnobirthing experience that I was looking for.  But probably what we found the most valuable about Maria is how calm she is.  She has a quiet confident presence that was invaluable during our birth.  I did not end up having the birth experience I had hoped for.  I was 2 weeks past my due date when I finally agreed to an induction.  After many hours of laboring on Pitiocin with out any pain mediction, I was still not dilating, cervix was swelling, baby was not engaging in pelvis. I was screaming for the epidural that I so feared. Once I received that, the baby was getting stressed and shot up to my ribs instead of down and Meconium was coming out of me. My cervix was only at a 4 and swollen.... So defeated, but wanting to do the right thing for our baby, I agreed to a C section.  Maria stayed with us through the surgery.  When my husband was with the baby in the NICU, Maria stayed with me in recovery.  I can not express enough, how much I appreciated that. When you are scared and just went through a traumatic experience, you just dont want to be alone. She was with us at the hospital from 7 in the morning until 2 am the next morning. It was a long day for all of us!! My husband and I are so happy we hired Maria and can not say enough good things about her! She is a warm, wonderful person, that we consider a new found friend.


Kimberley Moore9/13/2017Maria was my doula at the birth of my fifth baby. This was the first time that my husband and I had used a doula. You would think by number five you would be such a pro, there would be no need for any kind of assistance and extra help. The truth is, by number five I got wise enough to know what I really needed and wasn't trying to prove I was invincible and superwoman.Maria was professional. She met with us months in advance and we talked through our expectations and ideas and she listened and we talked through what her role and my husbands rolw during the birth would be. She explained so many things to us that I didn't know about how a doula is your advocate during the whole birth.Our son came five weeks early and I was about to be forty when we had him, there were also some concerns with my health and lots of reasons to be anxious...yet when Maria walked into the hospital room, she possessed poise and calm and confidence that were so welcoming and put me and my husband at ease.She was a tremendous support during and after my labor! I wish I had had her for all five births!I highly recommend hiring Maria as your doula. She is passionate and informed and very good at her job! She makes your job of focusing on having your baby a really great experience.


Kate Millsaps9/6/2017Maria was our doula for the birth of our first child in June. She was absolutely wonderful to work with. Before the birth she worked with us to develop our birth plan and provided lots of helpful advice and tips to make me more comfortable in pregnancy and to be better prepared for labor and delivery.Our birth did not go as we had envisioned- my water breaking and having to be induced- and Maria's support was invaluable as we navigated having to make decisions on the fly.Maria is very warm and calming and it was a pleasure having her as our doula. Thank you for helping us welcome our daughter into the world.


Edyta S8/6/2017We are extremely happy we hired Maria as our doula. As first time parents, we read books, watched videos, & spoke to other parents in preparation for the birth of our son. However, this did not compare to the in-person support and guidance we received from Maria. Maria is very knowledgable on the subject and provides useful and practical advice that we felt was tailored to us and the birth plan we had in mind. She is also a very kind, caring, and a respectful person and it’s clear to see that she loves what she does. We found that it was very easy to trust her and felt relaxed and comfortable around her (it actually felt like we were friends). Also, Maria’s voice is very soothing & relaxing and that’s something you definitely want in a person that’s there with you during the birth of your child :-).Maria thought us some relaxation techniques for labor, helped us with the birth plan, and answered lots of our questions. She also provided us with emotional and unbiased support and helped us deal with any fears we had. Even thought my labor did not go as planned and I had to get induced I still found Maria’s service and support to be extremely important.We also decided to use Maria’s services for many postpartum sessions. She came to our house the day after we brought our son back from the hospital and felt hopeless after not sleeping all night and some time later when we still struggled with getting any sleep. She gave us practical and easy to follow advice and we were finally able to get some sleep. She also helped me with breastfeeding, pumping etc. and overall gave us the confidence to be the parents we wanted to be.Maria has great communication skills, is very organized and gives you her undivided attentions.In summary, we could not put a price on Maria’s services and are very happy she was there with us during this important time of our lives.


Jocelyn Rivera7/29/2017My husband and I couldn't recommend Maria enough! We didn't hire her until I was 37 weeks pregnant, but we are so glad we did. She helped us recognize our fears and utilize coping strategies to combat them. She also helped with pain relief techniques and stayed by our side throughout the entire experience. She was a huge help and supporter to my husband as he helped me feel more comfortabe and encouraged. I wanted to experience labor and delivery without taking any medications and I wasn't sure I could do it, but with Maria's support I did! When I felt at the end of myself and said, "I can't do this anymore", she continuously reminded me that I WAS doing it already. She also prayed for me during labor which really encouraged and uplifted my spirit. She has such a calming presence about her which enabled her to provide strong support to not only me but my husband and family members with me as well. We will always remember her as a strong contributer to our amazing birthing experience as well as a trusted friend. We love Maria wouldn't hesitate to hire her again! -Jocey and Matt


C Malikschmitt7/27/2017For the birth of our first child, Maria was instrumental in getting us prepared for the birth and assisting us through the process as it actually happened. Simply, there are things you just cannot plan for no matter how much you prepare, and it was so helpful to have her wealth of knowledge and experience to lean on.For us, leading up to labor, there were signs and symptoms we just didn’t understand. Better than Googling or calling the doctor, we had Maria to keep us on track—and she did.During the labor, there were also predictable and normal obstacles, but they unfolded in ways we couldn’t fully anticipate. Again, it was great to have Maria to help us moderate between our goals, the realities of the situation, and the momentum of the nurses and doctors.In selecting Maria, we interviewed several doulas (many of which much more expensive!). Maria was by far the most impressive, and we could not have been happier with her. She knew exactly what we wanted and did everything she could to help us achieve it.


Kristin LaRosa7/23/2017I contacted Maria for last minute postpartum doula support to care for my adopted, newborn baby boy and I will be forever grateful to her, Patty and Lisa. As a practical matter, we experienced a few setbacks in getting him home which caused a number of adjustments to the scheduled start date and Maria was extremely understanding, patient and compassionate.As soon as he came home, they were there, ready and fully engaged and I truly believe their hands on care and help contributed to the happy, agreeable 3 month old that he is today. For reasons beyond my control he came home with certain needs and the hospital emphasized how critical it was for him to be held, loved and nurtured as often as possible. Maria, Patty and Lisa invested an enormous amount of energy in doing just that, and they did it with a sincere, genuine and loving approach. Their emotional care and support was just as generous as the physical aspect of helping bathe, clean and feed him.They gave me the support and confidence that I needed to help be the kind of mother that he deserves by teaching me how to care for him, understand his cues and soothe him. They were also very eager and willing to help with light household chores like helping set up his nursery, sort through and wash his clothes, blankets, etc.. and even chores unrelated to him. I can't explain what it feels like to leave the house and come home to peace, tranquility and a happy baby - but that was what they provided. With Maria, Lisa and Patty's support, my son's first 8 weeks consisted of a loving, supportive and trusting environment which has enabled him and me continue to thrive as a family. With all of that said, I highly recommend Maria to any new mother looking for doula support.


Paige Reinecker4/26/2017After meeting with other Doulas, my husband and I immediately clicked and felt comfortable with Maria. The others felt like salesmen that didn't quite have our best interest at heart. Maria, on the other hand, was warm, kind and experienced. She immediately made us feel that a VBAC was possible and I felt as though I had a level of support that I missed out on during my first pregnancy.Speaking of support, Maria drove all the way to my house (it was a hike for her) and made sure that she was by my side when I thought that I was in early labor. She made me feel comfortable about needing her help, which is hard to find. When we eventually made it to the hospital she beat my husband and I there and even came down to help us with our bags and our toddler.During labor and delivery, Maria was by my side the whole time. She made sure I was comfortable and provided assistance in getting our baby delivered naturally. She always looked out for our best interest and helped ensure that our birth plan was followed. Its hard to put a price on the piece of mind that she was able to give us. My husband was busy running around with our son when we first got to the hospital so having Maria there was incredibly helpful.The bottom line - Maria is amazing! I set out to have a successful VBAC (without medical intervention) and did it, with her help. That speaks for itself. I would highly recommend her services to anyone and I hope to have her with me again in future pregnancies.


Cindy Assini4/26/2017Maria was a great help prior to and during labor with our son.  She was patient and warm, helping with ideas and questions we could ask our healthcare providers.  Working with her helped us feel we did everything we could to bring our little one into the world the best way possible.


J Standefer4/25/2017Maria made herself an integral component of my birth planning/conceptualizing process. Of course as they all say, don't plan too much around your birth, things won't go quite as planned ;)... Still, our prenatal meetings were instrumental in reducing many of me and my husband's fears. She is creative, warm and unafraid to think outside the box. She displays sensitivity to individual's need and we both felt in good hands with her. She makes you feel comfortable right from the beginning.She is a strong advocate for making empowered choices and also for breastfeeding-- two items of utmost importance to me. You could not go wrong in choosing her as a doula!


Anna Jarszak4/8/2017With this being our first pregnancy my husband and I had many questions, concerns, and fears and were considering taking some pregnancy preparation classes when a friend mentioned she was using a doula and referred us to Maria. After an initial consultation, we were impressed with her honest and comforting approach to labor and delivery and immediately knew that Maria was exactly the support for which we were looking. Her pre-birth prep sessions were personalized to our needs and really helped us understand what to expect and how to cope with labor. Maria also ensured that my husband was engaged through all of this and that his concerns were discussed and that he understood what his role could be.On the day of my delivery Maria was right there supporting me in every way possible. Maria is a genuinely kind and caring person, someone who is meant to be a doula. Her presence brought a true sense of calm and security and we are incredibly grateful to have had Maria at our side during this journey. We very much appreciated her keeping in touch after the birth to see how we’re doing and to offer any additional support or resources. Her guidance, education, and encouragement helped to make the birth of our daughter as safe, comfortable, and natural as possible. We truly enjoyed working with her and highly recommend Maria to anyone seeking the services of a doula.


Dara George4/2/2017Working with Maria was by far the best decision I made for my labor & delivery! I wanted to have a natural birth, but given that this was my first pregnancy and I didn't know anyone who had previously had an unmedicated birth, naturally I needed a lot of guidance. Maria was the perfect person to prepare me for natural childbirth and to support my physically and emotionally throughout the process. Aside from being incredibly knowledgeable, she is also incredibly calming and supportive and works with you leading up to your birth to understand which comfort measures work best for you so that she can be as effective as possible in the support she provides. I interviewed quite a few doulas early in my pregnancy, and Maria was leagues above everyone I spoke to in terms of her pricing/value, her demeanor and her level of expertise. I knew as soon as I met her that she would be the doula for us! I will absolutely hire her again for baby #2 in the future and HIGHLY recommend her to other moms, whether this is your first birth or your tenth. She is absolutely fantastic and is someone I now consider a friend!


Rebecca Christine10/13/2016I wound highly recommend Maria as a doula. She was very easy to talk to from the start. We knew from the first meeting that she was the doula we wanted to hire. I wanted to labor at home for as long as possible and have a natural birth at the hospital. Things changed when I experienced vision problems and a headache very early in labor and went to the hospital. Maria came to meet us in the hospital shortly after we arrived Saturday morning and didn't leave my side until after the birth of our daughter Sunday afternoon. She slept on a chair next to my hospital bed for the few hours we both could rest early Sunday morning. Because of high blood pressure they wanted to induce me Saturday morning but Maria helped me convince the hospital that I didn't want to be induced with drugs and supported my decision to have my water broken early Sunday morning after trying on my own for 15 hours. After a long labor full of complications I never expected I delivered a baby girl vaginally early Sunday afternoon. Maria helped me have a wonderful labor and delivery despite the unforeseen complications we experienced and I don't think I would have that type of labor without her. We are so thankful!


Kate&Pete Martin10/11/2016Maria was a wonderful part of our son's birth. She was on-call for my regular doula so when she drove to my house late at night, we had never even met. But it didn't feel that way when she stepped right in to help. Our birth didn't all go as planned due to my son's positioning but Maria helped my husband and I through several hours of intense labor at home and then, when things got dicey at the hospital, remained a support for my mom and my husband. She even waited with my mom in the waiting room for hours, while I was in recovery. Her post-partum visit felt more like a visit with a friend rather than doula/client.


Kelly Bleasby8/23/2016Maria's support in both the prenatal phase and delivery was invaluable.  For a variety of reasons I chose an elective induction with early epidural and Maria supported me in this choice.  On delivery day Maria was a calming influence, reminded me to breathe through the contractions and encouraged my husband to help too.  While my delivery was super smooth, and over just over 2hrs after Maria joined me at the hospital, it was comforting knowing she was there in the event that things did not go so well.


Amanda Mitzkewich8/18/2016After having a few horrible experiences with an OB I had horrible anxiety about birth. I decided I wanted a natural childbirth with a midwife and a doula. I talked to a couple doulas but couldn't seem to find the right match. A friend recommended Maria and as soon as my husband and I met her we knew she was the right one! Every time we met with Maria I felt super calm and confident. She has a very mothery, calming way about her.My labor was very long and tiring. I had times that I wanted to give up, but Maria kept reminding me that I was doing it and that I could keep going. She was right by my side the entire time helping me through each contraction and keeping me calm. She is a big part of what made my natural birthing experience so great. I will definitely have her again for my next babies!


Aaliyah Boyd6/20/2016Doula Maria was such a Great BIG help and played one of the most important roles throughout my entire labor experience which was AMAZING . She met with me a couple weeks prior to discuss all comfort measures that I would like to ease me during labor . The day I first met with her she had such a beautiful and loving and calming spirit . I have extreme anxiety and just with her calm vibes it made me feel secure . Before going into labor we had a plan set in stone which was for me to stay home as long as possible in my own comforting environment until the pain was to intense and that is exactly what happened . The day going into labor was so beautiful and went so smooth .I started having frequent contractions around 3 am and she was guiding me through things to do until she got here . When she arrived we starting walking , switching positions , using massage tools and birthing balls thing that help soothe me but also helped me dilate .The same things continued upon entering the hospital she guided me through each contraction and prayed over me . When I was hot she would fan me with the portable fan with water mist she had , there was mediation soothing music playing in the background , I had lollipops and lemon ice to give me boost of energy overall it was absolutely amazing . She was right by my side as I was pushing , fanning me off which helped me give me energy and strength to push even harder and the reward of seeing my daughters face was priceless . After my baby arrived she stayed after and was still being a huge support . My overall birthing experience was GREAT , she was a big help to me as well as my boyfriend who was along My side as well , because of how severe my anxiety is I didn't even picture doing this well and because of her guidance I forgot what the word anxiety was . She is a blessing to me and my family .


Jennifer Evangelista5/24/2016Throughout my pregnancy, I suffered from bad anxiety so I decided that I wanted to look for a doula to help in calming me at the time of delivery. After meeting with a few doulas, I immediately knew that Maria was the right doula for me because she was so calming and positive to be around. During our first two sessions, she really took the time to get to know me and focused in on my needs and concerns. She also provided me with valuable tools that I used during labor such as deep breathing tips. When my water broke at 12:30 in the morning on May 20th, even though Maria lived an hour and a half from my hospital, she made sure that she met me at the hospital on time and stayed in close contact with me on the phone while my husband drove me to the hospital. That was so comforting to me. She was very attentive during my labor, helping me use the shower as a pain relief source and providing me with a healthy granola bar to help sustain my energy. Maria also knew when to give me my space and let me labor quietly with my husband, all the while coming back into the room to let me know that she was there. I really attribute my calm natural birth experience to Maria. She was such a comfort to both my husband and me.


Nodasia Fisher5/23/2016Oh, how Maria was such a blessing; my pregnancy was beyond the toughest experience of my life. Dealing with a seizure disorder, depression and the fact that I had no family made it so hard for me to even want to go through with the pregnancy let alone keep my son. When I met Maria she gave me not only a friend, but she became family. She helped me realize that I am not alone, not only with her but with God as well. I learned that no matter the mistakes I made, God has blessed me with this child. Maria helped me deal with my epilepsy by helping me manage my stress and always having an open ear. She was always on call. When the day came for my labor, Maria made my labor experience so easy & calming that I honestly wouldn't mind doing it all over again! She prepared me, taught me all the techniques I needed and gave me the confidence I needed to have a successful delivery. I honestly don't know what I would have done without her. I love her so dearly as well as my healthy baby boy. Thank you so much!


Diana G4/18/2016I recently had a baby and chose to hire Maria as my doula. From the moment we met I could tell her heart was in the right place and that she had found her life's calling. She was very interested in getting to know me, my family and my birth plan. Time spent with us was never as issue. When my labor started, we were text messaging often and she was giving me tips along the way. She offered to labor with me at home but labor is very long with me and told her to rest up and meet me at the hospital when the time comes. I think it was around 2am when I called Maria to tell her that I was ready to go to the hospital. She spoke with me kindly and patiently and told me she would meet me. She was so helpful and supportive. I am so happy I chose to hire her. My mom and mother in law are deceased and I have no siblings, Maria was that perfect calming female to have in the labor room with me. Maria's advice helped me to labor unmedicated and have the birth that I wanted. Afterwards she even came to visit my family after we were settled at home. I highly recommend Maria! She is terrific!!!


Presley Summers3/18/2016Maria is an old friend of ours and when we heard she was pursuing being a doula, we were more than excited! She has such a motherly, caring spirit that is necessary for a doula. I was pregnant with my first at the time. I had a home birth and she was prompt to our home when we called her around 4am. She sat with me throughout early and active labor. She massaged my hands and forearms with arnica oil and reheated the rice sock for my back. She helped me breathe and focus and I'm positive that is what helped my labor progress quickly. Maria is wonderful and will be there for you in your most vulnerable without judgement. I will never forget how she helped me during the birth of my daughter!


Nikolett Ivanyi2/25/2016I would highly recommend Maria as a doula for any woman who is planning to have a natural birth. When we were having our first baby, we decided to have a natural birth. Like most first time parents we were clueless on what to expect, how the labor process works and what options we have to deliver our baby. After doing some research online we decided to attend a natural birth class, which we found extremely beneficial for first time parents. During the class our teacher recommended having a Doula during the labor process to help ease our anxiety and to make the experience a positive one. After talking to a couple other professionals we decided to set up a meeting with Maria. She was very welcoming and comforting during our meeting. She explained how she will be there to help us and what kind of support she will provide. Her schedule was very flexible; she even had a back up doula on hand in case she would not be able to come when my labor starts. She was very responsive, always answered my texts even in the middle of the night. We decided to have her meet us in the hospital after my labor started and have her be there to make sure everything will go according to our birth plan. She was very calming and comforting during my labor. She communicated very well with the nurses and doctors to make sure we were following our plan to have a natural labor. Luckily everything went well and we delivered our beautiful daughter without any complications.Overall we had a great experience and we highly recommend Maria’s services for women who are planning to have a natural birth.