DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 TESTIMONIAL

Marline Dyer

Marline Doula Service

Hackensack, NJ  Service range 15 miles  No bridges

8623775965

Birth Fee

$700 to $900

Black Doula

CONTACT MARLINE VIEW MARLINE'S AVAILABILITY

Maysa Andujar3/8/2019After a traumatizing 1st birth experience I knew I needed a doula. We wanted to do a vbac with all natural labor. We discussed what she could have contributed to our first birth and knew Marline was our match. We met with her a couple of times before my due date, came to our home, discussed breathing exercises and physical ones to do before and during labor. She guided my husband in ways he could assist during labor. She’d check in on me after all my appointments. Past my due date 5 days my labor started at 8am, 7pm and contractions were stronger, at midnight they were intense and she came over. She coached my husband to help relieve pressure and pain. At 2am we moved to our bedroom, she had me lay down to rest between contractions, gave us time to connect and checked in with us. At 6 am I was ready to go to the hospital. Marline was supportive in translating what was going on, we checked in with her if we didn’t understand the why. I was 10cm and ready to go, I accomplished my goal of laboring at home. 3 hours after arriving at the hospital my midwife advised to get ready for a c section. We weren’t ready to give up, Marline moved me in different positions and supported me through breathing, if I needed her close she was there and if I needed her to advice my husband she did so. After 26 hrs of laboring we did the c section, at this point I was happy with getting so far and was ready to have the baby. After labor she assisted me with BF and accompanied me while my husband took a break to eat and clean up. A few weeks later she checked in with us at home. She’d made us feel comfortable and secure throughout the whole process. We had a good birthing experience and had been everything we needed. I definitely would recommend her to anyone looking for a doula. Thank you Marline for your amazing support, you will always be part of the birth of our little Penelope.   