DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
24 TESTIMONIALS

Patty Schmall, CD(CBI), MSW

Bloom Doula & Birth Services

Basking Ridge, NJ  Service range 40 miles  pattyschmalldoula@gmail.com

908-334-8118

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2200

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $50

CONTACT PATTY VIEW PATTY'S AVAILABILITY

Rhea11/7/2022Patty is nothing short of amazing!! She was the doula for our daughter's birth in August 2022. I had decided rather late in my pregnancy that I wanted birthing support of a doula and I'm so grateful to have found Patty. The end of my pregnancy didn't go as expected with pre-term labor, but Patty was there with us throughout the entire process. She was calm, patient, and so incredibly supportive. I can't imagine my labor without Patty- her calming presence was just what I needed. I'm forever grateful to have had her support and I recommend her highly! I hope we can use Patty for future births down the road, she truly is amazing. 


Isabella Maher10/12/2022Patty was the best doula anyone could ask for. At only 18 years old and finding out I was pregnant I was scared. At 30 weeks I decided to get a doula. I instantly was interested in Patty because she had a lot of experience and lived in the same town as me. After the first phone conversation I had with Patty I instantly felt a connection with her and knew she would be perfect for me. From then on, we had two house visits where she taught me breathing techniques as well as positions to help with my back pain. Besides the house visits she always texted me and made sure I was okay. She had a motherly touch to her, and I really appreciated that. When it was time for induction Patty arrived at 7 AM and stayed by my side all day until I gave birth at 9:23 PM! She never left my side and was constantly putting my mind at ease whenever I was in discomfort. I was unable to have my mother with me during my birth. This was a very hard thing for me as I am very close with her and I’m very young. Patty completely cared for me and was by my side, just like my mother would have been. I really don't know what I would have done without Patty. I never felt like an annoyance to her, and she was always open to talking with me. She is a very friendly person and someone you can easily have a connection with. When it came time for my birth Patty was by my side cheering me on. She did an amazing job and made birth an amazing experience. I told her in the beginning I didn't want this to be a traumatic experience. Patty listened and did an OUTSTANDING job in making my birth amazing. Even after birth she checked in on me for a couple of weeks and made sure that everything was okay. She even found me a lactating consultant. Even at 19 years old I can easily say that I want more children. She made my birth a great experience and I recommend her 10000%. I cannot thank Patty enough!


Megan Soucy3/21/2022My experience with Patty as a Doula was absolutely amazing. In the very beginning of my pregnancy I knew I wanted to doula. Patty had offered her services and I wanted to take advantage of that, my husband on the other hand thought there may be too many cooks in the kitchen so to speak. Patty offered to come over and help us create a birth plan even if we did not want to use her for labor and delivery and to meet my husband and to explain to him what her role would be if we chose to use her. Patty came over and helped us create birth plan that answered a lot of things and asked a lot of things that not even the midwives had.  Patty’s knowledge was helped us to prepare mentally and physically and by the following morning we called and asked if she’d be there with us. She supplied us with books, tens unit, essential oils, massage tools and techniques, and more to take to labor. She sent emails with helpful videos and checked in regularly. Most importantly she gave us her 24 hour support for any questions or concerns prior to delivery. On the day I gave birth to our beautiful daughter Patty let us set the boundaries of her involvement and gave us permission invite her to the hospital when we were ready. When we were ready Patty was there within 30 minutes and I was so unbelievably grateful. She massaged, coached and talked to me and my husband through the hardest thing I have ever done. She let me decide where I wanted to go move and change positions intuitively with light suggestions and offered hands on pressure and comfort from her and encouraged my husband where to touch hold and lean into me. She was the reason I got into the tub in the last hour of labor which was such a sweet relief. I can still here Patty’s calm and motivating voice in my head when I close my eyes and remember laboring. She was such a solid beam of support for our family and we are so unbelievably blessed to have had her with us throughout my pregnancy 


Christine Conant11/7/2019When my husband and I first met Patty, her calming, nurturing nature immediately made us feel comfortable. From day one, she was supportive, providing me literature, knowing it would help ease my nerves. During my pregnancy, Patty supported me when I become anxious, assuring me that everything will work out. She was able to put my mind at ease with words of encouragement and positive energy. Patty was an invaluable part of my birth experience. Not only did she provide support to me, but also my husband. She was there with a smile on her face ready for anything. We walked the halls together, stopping to do hip presses when needed, while talking to distract from the pain. My husband was able to take breaks, knowing that I was in good hands. Patty suggested different positions for active labor, coming up with something new when my previous position was no longer comfortable. She did massage, applied heat and never dismissed my pain but rather championed my birth story. She also brought snacks and drinks to help keep my energy up. As labor intensified, I was getting nauseous frequently but Patty was there with peppermint essential oils to help ease the nausea. After expressing my fears about pushing, she calmly repeated what I needed to do each time. With her help, I was able to push in many different positions and I finally deliver my daughter after refusing an episiotomy. Without Patty, I would not have known it was acceptable to advocate for myself and my wishes. Patty was there my entire active labor and stayed until after my daughter arrived, still maintaining the same gentle smile she entered the room with 24 hours previous. Her pure joy in the moments after the birth speaks volumes. She genuinely loves helping women become mothers and empowering them each step of the way, no matter what twists and turns each journey takes. I could not have done this without you, Patty! I am forever grateful!


Alec and Brittany Johnson8/28/2019Patty is unbelievable. She helped us draft a birthplan, become better advocates for ourselves and most importantly, stayed with us through 40 hours of intensive labor. She offered guidance, support and a grounding presence that always helped us keep our eyes on the prize. We planned to have a natural birth with no medication which she supported us in,  providing literature and information throughout the pregnancy. During labor it become impossible to continue without intervention and even then she was supportive, helping us through an epidural and ultimately a C-section. We don't know how we would have made it through this without her. Patty is amazing and we would recommend her to anyone. It's well worth the money because with Patty you get more than a doula, you get a real genuine friend who cares for you and sticks by your side no matter what.


Kasi LeGrand8/28/2019I have always known that having a doula would be an important part of my birth plan; but, until I met Patty, I didn’t know how special it would be. From the first meeting I had with her, Patty made me feel heard, respected and cared for. As we worked on my birth plan I felt I had someone who was completely in my corner,;and someone who would rally for me, root for me and help me to advocate for myself. Patty was not only there for me, she was also a great support to my mother, as she encouraged her in her role in my birth process, and as grandmother to be. My birth plan did not go as Patty and I had written it, and I needed Patty even more when things took another direction and I made the decision to change course. Patty never made me feel judged for making the decisions I felt I had to. Instead Patty rose to the occasion and was even more support than I ever knew I needed. Anyone can be a doula with the right training, but it takes a special person to take on the role of, cheerleader, advocate, caretaker, listener, spiritual guider, and supporter and friend. Patty is each of those things and more. Working with her was one of the best parts of my birth story, aside from becoming the mother of my precious baby girl. Thank you is not enough, but all my thanks to and for Patty. In Gratitude, Kasi L. 


Brett Pettee7/13/2019My first birth experience was not at all according to my birth plan or what I had hoped for. I was over the moon at the arrival of my daughter and that she was healthy of course.  Nevertheless the experience left me with a sense of disapppintment. When the arrival of my second child drew near I knew I needed to find a doula to help me achieve my desired birth plan this time around. I could not have made a better decision using Patty as my doula! Not only did she help me to try many different physical suppport techniques during my natural delivery but most importantly she provided me with the psychological support that I so needed. My anxiety might have gotten the best of me but with Patty by my side I was able to carry out my birth plan even when the doctors tried to lead me away from this.  My husband, originally a doula skeptic, now tells everyone what a godsend Patty was for both of us that day. He was able to be there for me in the ways that I needed him without feeling exhausted or overwhelmed with supporting me through the laboring process. Patty’s calm, wise and supportive spirit is a gift to every mother that she works with. I do not have enough available characters here to tell you what working with Patty has meant to me. I no longer feel the regret of my first birth experience but rather gratitude that Patty has given me the gift of my desired labor and birth with my son.   I may or may not have more children but if I do I will be calling Patty right away to book her again. I feel so grateful to have met Patty and recommend her to all of my friends and family members having children. 


Jillian6/8/2019I had a wonderful experience working with Patty! From our initial meeting, I just felt she was the right doula for me. I loved that she asked for my husband to join for our initial meeting. During my difficult labor, Patty came to my house as soon as I needed her and her counter pressure techniques saved me! When my husbands hands grew tired, Patty was there to jump in and though her hands must have been killing from all that pressure, she never waivered for a second! I ended up changing my birth plan and she was supportive and non judge mental each step of the way and came prepared with all I could need. Her knowledge and support was invaluable and we had a great working experience with Patty in bringing our little girl into the world! 


Dixa Rai8/16/2018Our experience with Patty was positive in every way. She brought a personal touch and was very helpful in answering all our questions and helping us through the birthing process. My labor was very long and drawn out over the course of 3 days. Patty was there for us exactly when we needed her throughout this multi-day ordeal. She was so comforting and also very communicative with the hospital staff, making the entire thing so much easier for myself and my husband. I honestly don't think I could have done it without her. We were so lucky to have Patty as our doula!


Lillian Cheng7/22/2018Picking Patty to be our doula was the best and most important decision we made. On some level, even more so than picking our Ob-gyn, because if your doctor is not on call, they are not there to deliver your baby but Patty is guaranteed to be there with you every step of the way.It’s an exciting time but also extremely scary for first time parents and Patty was such a calming presence from the minute we checked into the hospital, until the baby safely arrives. She was very easy to reach by phone in the weeks leading up to birth and she is also an advocate to have in the room when you and your spouse are both exhausted and you have to make decisions that were not part of your plan, because let’s face it, labor is not always going to be smooth and predictable.She was supportive when you needed her to be, but also gave you space if you wanted some alone time with your husband or family. Even though we only met her a few weeks before our due date, she is so nurturing and made us feel so comfortable, it honestly felt like having a second mom in the room. We now feel like she is part of our family because she played a such a huge, important role in the birth of our daughter. We would use her again, without question - she is wonderful!


Bonnie Jean6/2/2018Patty is Amazing she is calm, reassuring, confident & truly listens.  My husband wasn't  sure if we needed to invest in a Doula, but I followed my heart,  We both had no idea how valuable a Doula was until we had Patty. Patty was my advocite, she made sure that we had the birth closest to what I wanted, she supported me every second. The nurses were efficiant, but I was just another patient to them, Patty took the time to get to know me, my family & what we needed, because of that the birth was a lot less painful & stressful then it would have been without Patty. Patty met with us for 2 hours before hand & wrote up our birth plan. She asked valuable questions & showed us ways to ease the pain. Patty has no agenda, how ever  I wanted to give birth she supported me! I felt reasured that she would handle everything. all I had to do was focus on relaxing & letting the baby come.  Patty has a bag of tricks from a birthing ball, to a heating pad, honey sticks for me, & snacks for my husband. She started supporting me right away, she answered questions & reassured me through early labor. Patty arrived at our house at 8AM when I was in active labor, It felt so intense I thought the baby was comming, but Patty calmed me down, the baby was still a long way off.  Patty stayed with me the whole day, getting me food, walking with me, rubbing my back & even kept my mom calm. at 11PM we went to the Hospital. Patty calmly got me to refocus & drew my attention away from the nurses who literaly tried to  pull me into positons they wanted me to be in before I was ready, Patty interviend on my behalf giving me a chance to breath,   Patty was with us the whole time, all 21 hours!  Afterwards my husband said he was so glad we hired Patty, that she was worth every penny because there was no way he would have been able to do what Patty did for me! Thank you Patty you truly are an amazing woman!


Kristin LaRosa10/22/2017Patty played a significant role in my son's first six weeks at home, and I attribute his now joyful, happy disposition to the warmth, love and nurturing she provided to him during that critical time. I hired Patty to provide post-partum doula services to help me when I brought my adopted son home from the hospital. Full transparency - my son was born addicted to opioids and the doctors insisted that after I brought him home, holding and nurturing him was a significant factor in helping to alleviate his pain and recover. Patty did all of that, and more. I would come home to hear her singing to him, rocking him and finding creative ways to love and soothe him. In addition to that, she also did anything she could to help keep the house and his room clean and in order - laundry, bottles, dishes - without me having to ask. She also taught me how to be the mother I wanted to be, with tips on how to calm him, and how to calm myself when I felt my patience was being tested. I cannot say enough good things about her, and any family that works with Patty is sure to thrive.


Essence Daniels9/28/2017Patty was so helpful during my labor and even before going into active labor, she was by myside through the whole way. She made sure I was able to get comfortable by bringing her scents and also massaged my back for me, helped me with breathing techniques. She made sure I had something to drink or that I had everything that i needed. She was there to help me breastfeed and getting my son to latch on, she helped me push my son out, she encouraged me throughout the whole process, she was a very BIG help. Even after she left to go back home she made sure I was feeling good and my son was doing good. I'm glad I had her by my side during my sons entry to the world.


Zabrina Fagan8/11/2017Patty is fantastic!! Patty was actually our back up to our original Doula. We had met with both women around the middle of my pregnancy and knew that we would be happy to work with either one. The morning I went into labor, I reached out to Patty fairly early to ask a question about coping with pain and she got back to me right away. From there on out she stayed in contact until she finally met us at our house. She was such a great help in keeping me focused and in coping with the pain. Even after we got to the hospital and the decision was made to get an epidural, it was so great to have her there. My husband was more comfortable leaving the room or even sneaking in a nap at one point, because Patty was there if I was in need anything! She was such great support for not only myself, but for my husband as well and she even checked in on us after the birth to see how we were doing. I would definitely recommend Patty. She was great!


Sangeeta Yadav8/1/2017Patty was absolutely great! My family and I loved her. Her personality is one that anyone can get along with her. She was there for me through phone and text message weeks before my due date. She stood by my side during my whole labor process and gave me the encouragement I needed to have an unmedicated birth! I would highly recommend her to anyone who is looking for a doula. Her prices are also very reasonable.


Carter Brady Bassett6/25/2017I had a wonderful experience with Patty with both the delivery of my daughter and son. She is very attentive and listens to what you want your birth experience to be. Patty understood that I wanted her to be a support system at home and in the hospital. She knew my pressure points and massaged me to help me relax during the contractions.  She chatted with me to make the hours go by faster.  After I decided to have an epidural she suggested different positions for me to lie in bed. When my energy was low she gave me honey sticks and organic lollipops, as well as captured pictures of my husband and me with both of my children after they were delivered. Patty was an integral part in both of my birth experiences and I hope to have her by my side should we have a third child In the future.


Melissa Walsh5/1/2017Words cannot begin to express how essential Patty was for our birthing experience! My husband is in the Army and was deployed during the time I was due with our 3rd child. We were unsure if he would be able to make it home in time for the birth. Patty was a constant support throughout the end of my pregnancy, during the actual labor and even afterwards. My husband ended up making it home and Patty helped create a wonderful experience for him as well. She guided him in helping me during a long and difficult labor. Patty was a source of calm and inspiration throughout the entire process. We both could not have done it without her assistance. I HIGHLY recommend her doula services to anyone who is looking to have a wonderful birthing experience. Thank you Patty!


Adriana Miscia3/11/2017The entire time I worked with her I felt at ease. She helped me prepare and I felt ready even though I was going thru one of the craziest experiences of my life. When she came to the hospital to meet up with me I felt as if I had a second mom in the room with me, which technically she is, but she felt like MY second mom. As this being my first it ended up being a long night, but she continued to stand by side and coached me to deliver my beautiful baby boy. I was so incredibly blessed to have Patty as my doula, anyone would be. She is an amazing woman!! Thank you!!


Syden Therese2/23/2017We've been fortunate to have Patty with us throughout my pregnancy and labor/delivery. This was my first baby, and throughout my pregnancy, Patty has been an amazing resource as well as support system. She was extremely positive, calming, and super encouraging with all the decisions I made throughout this experience. I had planned on an unmedicated birth and Patty prepared us completely for that. I was extremely focused and confident, especially with Patty on our team! My labor didn't go exactly as planned--my water broke first and contractions hadn't started on their own, so I was induced. I labored on pitocin for hours (12+) without pain medication and I owe this all to Patty. We were truly in sync when it came down to riding the intense contractions. I was very focused and calm, and Patty was great in helping me change positions, applying counter pressure, and utilizing a hot rice bag and essential oils to keep me grounded. All I remember through the labor was Patty's quiet, soothing voice telling me that I could do it! Thank you again, Patty!!! We wuold not have been as prepared and confident about everything without your help!!


Hannah Sibbett Ciraco1/23/2017My husband and I love Patty! She helped us in the later stages of pregnancy in the form of prenatal meetings, as well as during and post labor. Her advice and knowledge were so important to us in building birth plan and making decisions for our daughter's first hours of life. During labor and delivery, Patty felt like family. She was thoroughly supportive through every step. Her warmth and kind energy were so calming. We had a wonderful birth experience and Patty was a key part of it. If we are blessed with another pregnancy, we hope to hire Patty again. I would not hesitate to recommend her doula services to anyone.Patty is a beautiful and caring person and a wonderful doula.


Laura Panzullo10/10/2016I am so excited to write this review, because my birth experience with our son Owen was absolutely wonderful!Having Patty as a main part of my birth team, undoubtably contributed to us having the natural birth experience that we desired. I am also lucky to have a super supportive and hands on husband too. I found Patty at 34ish weeks and had prepared myself with a natural childbirth class, and lots of books and info, but I was still very anxious about the whole birth process, which led us to adding Patty to our team. I was unhappy with my doctor and her support helped me make the decision to switch to a better provider for us.A doula is a priceless addition to any birth team, and Patty is one of the kindest and positive people I have ever met.I cannot recommend Patty enough. Her positive energy pulled me through my natural birth, and she was amazing at adapting to my and my husband's needs both before after after the birth.  Prior to my due date, we met and she provided us with a bag of goodies to help us labor at home as long as possible, and gave us a lot of great ideas to help build confidence and help me to relieve pain naturally. We went through a birth plan too, which helped me focus on my needs.Also, I am pretty sure I almost squeezed her hand right off during contractions! She was available without being intrusive, unfailingly encouraging and super knowlegeable without judgement. I felt empowered and focused my entire birth, and she helped me with that.  A big plus too: She was always on time, and responsive to emails.After the birth, my husband said he was so happy to have Patty's support as well, and really appreciated her presence during birth of our son.Patty's presence during this life changing moment made me feel a lifelong connection her. She still checks in on me, two months later!


Aaliyah Boyd6/20/2016My name is Aaliyah and I am 19 years old and I had such an amazing labor experience . Since my first meeting with Patty about her supporting me throughout my labor experience I felt an instant sincere connection . Her presence and her vibe was absolutely amazing . I have severely bad anxiety and she made sure that all of that energy was gone by the time those contractions hit . She got to know all my likes and dislikes and what helps comfort me best .Patty constantly checked up on me to make sure I was doing okay and if I had any questions she would always answer them and that eased me a lot . The day before I went into labor Patty came to visit me at my home and as I was having contractions she would gently massage my back to help ease the pain and guide me into breathing through the contractions .The next day around 3 am I was having more frequent contractions I immediately texted and let her know what was going on and I promise you she replied in less than 3 minutes on advice of what I should do at the moment. she was also ready to go and let me know she would be on her way as soon as I was ready for her to come .She arrived a hour and a half later on my timing and immediately helped guide me through each contraction .From the birthing ball to the massages to walking to ice and hot packs and the best part of all the PEPPERMINT COLD CLOTH that she placed across my chest . She prayed for me and helped relieve my anxiety a lot . In the hospital she was extremely helpful , I got there at 10:30 am and had the baby at 9:54 pm and Patty stayed by my side the entire time . I have very low pain tolerance and although the contractions were a bit painful she helped me manage them extremely well .If it wasn't for her & Maria I am not to sure how I would have even made it a hour in that hospital .I had the most beautiful amazing birth experience ever . She is AMAZING I recommend everyone to use her services she is the absolute best and has such a beautiful spirit .


Presley Summers6/18/2016After the birth of my first child I fell into a deep, deep post-partum depression. Patty offered to come and be with my baby whenever I needed a break. And I needed a break a lot. She has watched my baby while I napped, ran errands, did housework or simply just to get out of the house!! She was such a great help and friend to me in my time of need. She also offered to babysit as well if my husband and I wanted to go out alone one evening. I highly recommend her doula services! She is a wonderful person and will be there for you no questions asked. Thank you Patty!


Carter Brady Bassett5/18/2016Words cannot express how much my husband and I appreciated Patty's advice, compassion, and support leading up to and most importantly on our dear daughter's birthday. She stayed positive throughout the forty hours of labor and was always ready with a plan of action, whether it was changing labor positions, massaging my pressure points during contractions, grabbing me a drink to give me energy, and supporting my decisions in the hospital. I would recommend Patty to anyone who would like to enhance their birthing experience by having a wise, kind, and supportive professional by their side.