DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
5 TESTIMONIALS

Rachael (Rae) Ard

Swedesboro, NJ  Service range 50 miles  N/A

6198186213

https://thebabydoulas.com/meet-our-doulas/

Birth Fee

$800 to $1300

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $45

Availability Remarks: Birth any time Postpartum, evenings and weekends.

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Emily3/16/2023Rachel was an amazing doula and was great with our very fussy twins - highly recommend. 


Christa Bogan-Forman2/21/2021I have known Rachael for a very long time and not only is she an amazing person, she proved that she's an amazing doula as well. I was induced at 33 weeks 6 days due to preeclampsia and it was a very scary time for my husband and I. We had established that Rach would be our doula, and I was so relieved since COVID restrictions had been a lot more lenient at our hospital. When Rach arrived she made sure I was comfortable despite being on magnesium, pitocin, and having a foley in. I decided to have a natural birth (albeit at the last minute) and she ensured I was breathing and controlling each contraction with my breath. When it came time to break my water, I was nervous and unsure but Rach helped my husband and I come to an autonomous decision and helped me through the hardest part of my labor. 30 minutes after my water broke and two pushes later our son was born. My entire labor was around 5 and 1/2 hours and Rach was there for all of it (she even got pictures of the baby being born since he was quickly whisked away to the NICU after birth).She ensured I was settled and stable after leaving that night. In the weeks following his birth, she stayed in constant contact with me and remained a support throughout the newborn period. I would definitely recommend Rach to anyone looking for a doula! Unfortunately my husband and I aren't having any more children, but if we were, I would utilize Rachael again without a second thought. 


Shiquita Jenkins8/18/2019This was my first baby and Rachael totally made the experience for me and my husband a lot better. She helped us stay calm and reminded us of our opinions when it came to our baby.When you’re in the moment and overwhelmed by everything that is going on it is easy to forget about what you want and the plan you and your husband had laid out, that’s why I’m so grateful she was there to help remind us of everything that is available to us. Would definitely recommend her to anyone looking for a doula. 


Tiffany Rodriguez8/3/2019Rachael was an amazing doula for me. She was patient and caring. I pushed for 4 hours and she’s was by my side the whole time  rooting for me . She had everything I needed and more. She arrived at the hospital with a quick text from me. She also visited us after the baby was born to check on me and baby.Please choose Rachael you will not be disappointed.


Lydia Santacruz7/31/2019Rachael was amazing to say the least. She was there for my every need. She even anticipated my needs and wants. She gave my family the break they very much needed from the long day they had. She was very informative on everything from labor and delivery to breastfeeding and everything postpartum. She did not leave until they transferred me to the recovery room and knew I would be fine. she Stayed in touch with me afterwards and checks up to make sure I am doing well. She was truly an angel. I couldn’t have asked for anyone better.  