DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
2 TESTIMONIALS

Rachel King

In Bloom Birth Work

Cherry Hill, NJ  Service range 30 miles

Birth Fee

$1150 to $1500

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $45

CONTACT RACHEL VIEW RACHEL'S AVAILABILITY

Brianna Stoltzfus10/18/2021We had a wonderful experience working with Rachel. She was available by text or phone leading up to the birth for any questions I had, and met with us in person twice to talk through the birth plan and our thoughts about postpartum life. There were so many things to think about when it came to the birth, and it was so helpful to have a knowledgeable guide to help us talk through our options and preferences. She saved me from many an anxious Google search regarding strange pregnancy or post partum symptoms, and was a relaxed and encouraging source of support as I navigated non-stress tests and extra medical decisions and experiences related to gestational hypertension. I appreciated her non-judgemental, warm, and down to earth personality; she truly supported our decisions about what type of birth we wanted. Because of my gestation hypertension diagnosis, I did not have the ability to avoid a lot of medical interventions during my induction, and she supported us every step of our highly medical birth situation. She was highly skilled at helping us work with medicals staff, and she was a welcome presence while we waited on my labor to progress. As someone who is not comfortable in medical situations, I appreciated how she helped deintensify our interactions with the staff and the hospital room environment in general. My husband also enjoyed working with her and found her to be a helpful partner in the effort to support me.She was really involved with active labor, including coaching me through pushing technique, even holding one of my legs for multiple hours as I pushed! She was dedicated to being present for the birth, even though I started pushing at 2 am--she ended up spending almost 24 hours with us. My husband and I highly recommend Rachel as a considerate and dedicated doula.   


Lauren Jirinec10/13/2021My husband and I were so incredibly lucky to have Rachel as our back-up doula!   Rachel and I were introduced to one another at 41+ weeks since our original doula had an emergency, however she was an immediate support to us.   At ten days past my due date, there was talk of a medical induction at a hospital, despite my wish to deliver at the birth center.  Rachel was a constant comfort throughout and offered reassurance as I tried a last ditch effort to get things started with a foley bulb catheter.  Rachel stayed in constant communication and made herself available to meet us at our home if labor intensified.  Ultimately, things progressed quickly and we decided to meet her at the birth center.  Rachel was there minutes after we arrived and despite not having physically met her prior to labor, it was an immediate bond and she jumped right in to help me cope with each intensifying contraction.  Rachel had such a calming demeanor!  She was at my side throughout the entire labor giving encouraging words, suggesting various positions to help cope with pain, and applying pressure to my back throughout each contraction.  Ultimately when it was time to push, she paged the midwife.  With Rachel's support, I was able to deliver naturally at the birth center!  Rachel took wonderful pictures of our first moments and stayed with us post delivery to relive this amazing experience, answer questions, and provide breastfeeding support.  She stayed in touch with us when we were discharged home later that day and within the first week had come out for a postpartum visit.  Rachel was so incredibly sweet and thoughtful - she had brought some postpartum essentials and even got our toddler a big sister gift!  My husband and I were so fortunate to have her as our doula - Rachel was an amazing coach and support and she had such a positive impact on our birth experience!  We are forever grateful!