DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
18 TESTIMONIALS

Renee Hennings

Day Lily Doula and Placenta Services

Lafayette, NJ  Service range 35 miles  I do not travel to NYC for births

(973) 896-2513

http://www.daylilydoulas.com

Birth Fee

$1900 to $2200

CONTACT RENEE VIEW RENEE'S AVAILABILITY

Melissa Boho5/27/2023Renée was just what we needed on our birthing team. She was wonderful to work with, a great coach and cheerleader during labor, and so supportive. She also encapsulated my placenta, made a tincture, prints and a keep sake with the umbilical chord. I'd highly recommend her to anyone preparing for the birthing process!


Katrina12/23/2022Renee is amazing! If you are looking to encapsulate your placenta she is the way to go. Words can't describe how amazing she is and how beautiful her work is. She advocates for her customers in all settings to make sure they know how to obtain their placenta after birth. She makes the entire process so easy at such a stressful time. Renee is so fast and provides every convenience (pick up and drop off of products) to new moms. Lastly, the services she provides are affordable and provided with a smile and lots of care. 


Sara Dugan12/2/2022I highly recommend Renee Hennings doula services. I previously interviewed two other doulas from internet searches and they did not seem to be a fit for me. Renee came as a personal recommendation and I felted a connection with her instantly. Renee was very helpful during my pregnancy and was quick to response whenever I had questions. Renee helped me prepare for the birth I envisioned and was there to see it through during labor. I can't recommend Renee enough for her support during my labor and delivery. She made the experience enjoyable! I also used her services for placenta encapsulation which I also recommend! You will not be disappointed with Renee's expertise.


Ellen Quiles11/12/2022Renee was the best of all the decisions we made to prepare for our twins.  This was my first pregnancy and Renee helped me every step of the way - far before my babies were born and well after.  There was an exceptional amount of doctor visits and appointments, making it very easy to be overwhelmed and anxious.  Renee not only listened to my worries, but she was also a steadying presence throughout and was integral to helping me have the pregnancy experience I wanted.  When I had questions Renee was always quick to answer or provide options and information.  Most importantly, she was kind and calming throughout.  I can't recommend her services highly enough. 


Sarah10/13/2022I cannot recommend Renee enough. She was a huge part of our birth team. I had a lot of anxiety thinking about labor and wanted as much extra support as I could find to be with us during delivery. We also wanted someone who would make sure my husband felt included as well. Renee spent extra time with me during pregnancy to talk through and process my feelings regarding delivery, making me feel more confident going into labor. When we were in labor Renee jumped right in to provide physical support and emotional support. She could read the room and it felt like she knew exactly what I needed at every moment. I told her it felt like my mom was with me. After giving birth I was struggling with my mental health and she has checked in on me and my husband, prioritizing our health and making sure that we're okay. I can't recommend her enough - she is worth every penny and you will be so blessed to have her on your team. She was an answer to prayer for us. 


Amanda2/20/2021Renee is the type of Doula you want at your birth. She is reliable, dependable, compassionate, and reassuring. I know I wouldn't of had the birth that I did if she weren't there. I felt safe in her presence. 20/10! 


Amy Flood11/19/2020I had an incredible experience with Renee. She was professional, reasonably priced, efficient, kind, caring, and knowledgeable. I am so thankful that my doula, Jen Watt, introduced me to Renee. Her products are incredible and I will certainly be revisiting her services in the future. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Thank you for your care, Renee, and for checking in on me :) 


Katie8/25/2020Renee was such an important part of our birth story and we feel so luck to have had her with us. We had a marathon labor and she went above and beyond to be accessible, responsive and present the entire way. Without her encouragement and expert comforting techniques we may not have had the natural birth outcome that we did. We 100% plan on using Renee for any other births that might be in our future and we highly recommend her any chance that we get! 


Brooke6/17/2020I used Renees Placenta encapsulation services and am beyond happy with how it was prepared and came out. The beautiful cord heart, to the placenta stamp and ontop of it my placenta tincture and supplements! You can tell it was beautifully prepared with love! It adds such an amazing memory to our birth story and great for keepsakes. I suggest this service for everyone! She is amazing. -Brooke :) 


Jen3/23/2019When I set out to find a doula, Renee came highly recommended. We didn’t know what we were looking for but when we met her we knew she was the right choice for us immediately. Renee is kind, knowledgeable and intuitive when it comes to the needs of pregnant women and their partners and families. She’s asks the right questions and helps you to create reasonable expectations for your birth that help to regulate any fears and anxieties. She also helped me feel empowered. She is the kind of person who goes above and beyond. She is incredibly respectful of your wishes and desires and supports any kind of birth you want. She was right there with me encouraging me during the course of my pregnancy, my labor and even after the birth. She knew what I needed before I had to ask and also reassured me and normalized the process. One of the things I loved most about having Renee as my doula was that she explained things to me and gave me suggestions when I was met with decisions in labor. I believe I had a much better labor because of this. I tell everyone that I hired a doula and made a friend. If I decide to have more kids I will be calling her immediately. Five stars for Renee!


Gillian Columbus6/25/2018Renee was such a knowledgable, responsive and empathic doula; she made my birth experience that much more meaningful to both me and my wife.  She was there for us in the months and weeks leading up to birth, always making time to answer our questions and provide support in any way she could.  Her placenta encapsulation sevices were invaluable for my postpartum healing, as she made sure to provide them to me only a day after I gave birth.  Her approach to doulaing is very holistic, spiritual and meaningful, and I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a doula! :-)


Michele Ortiz12/14/2016First and formost I have to say I absolutlely love Renee, she made my second pregnancy/ birthing experience so smooth and had me at ease.  I didn't exactly have a good experience with my first time around and decided that the difference for me would be having a doula this time and I was completely right!  Renee from the moment I met her had a calming presence that made me feel like I was in good hands.  She checked in with me weekly and the closer to my due date, she would check in on me daily.  She was there for every step.Unfortunetly I had to have a c-section cause my little girl was breech but even when my fears of having to have this proceedure done, she was so supportive.  I did try everything to try to turn her with suggestion from Renee such as acupuncture, moxibusion, reiki, lavender oil, cat-cow yoga poses, etc.  I even had a version procedure done which Renee was there for and was able to help keep me calm with such a difficult procedure.  Unfortunetly it didn't work but Renee guided me through encouraging me on how well able to handle it.The day of my c-section Renee was part of my "A-team" supporting me and keeping me calm when part of me wanted to break down.  I went into surgery with a postive mind knowing all would be ok and that I have the best support around me.I would recommend Renee's services whether this is your first time birthing or your tenth.  She is an absolute pleasure to work with and the best part is no matter what path your birthing experience should take she is 110% supportive with all your decisions and there are no judgements.  It really is about what is best for you and what you would like to gain out of the experience!


Chiara Holloway10/22/2013Doula Renee was great and offered exactly the right kind of support! I was extremely nervous and worried about the birth of my first child, but Renee's experience and calm demeanor put me at ease. She met with my husband and I in advance to talk about our wishes and birth plan so that she would know how best to support us. She made herself available 24 hrs a day and promptly got back to me- even in the middle of the night! She always had an answer to my questions and never made me feel as if I were inconveniencing her. On the big day she was extraordinary! She was extremely supportive and encouraging and knew exactly what I needed to feel better- even before I did! She is very knowledgable and gave me great tips which helped during labor and even now as I learn to care for my newborn. I am definitely calling on Doula Renee for any future babies and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a fantastic doula!


Anika Johnson9/16/2013Renee was my special Doula for the birth of my second daughter. I met with several Doulas before meeting Renee and I almost decided against hiring a Doula after my exhausted search. However, in one last leap of faith, I spoke to Renee and immediately I knew she was the one. I instantly felt a connection with her and her genuine and caring nature made me feel rest assured that my second labor will be an enjoyable one. I was certainly right. Renee is one of the most caring women I have ever met. She is extremely patient and truly cares about her clients and their needs. She listens and gives great advice that works with your specific situation and needs. Her calming voiced helped me so much during my labor that I almost decided to go drug-free for the rest of my labor. I was able to rely on her strength and calm nature through everything, from the questions, concerns I had before my labor began all the way to the moment I held my daughter in my arms. She truly made the experience for me and my fiancé wonderful one. My first labor was a bit traumatic and I was determined to not let that happen this time. With Renee's wonderful caring assistance, I can look back on my labor process and smile. Because of her help, I was able to spend the first night with my daughter and exclusively breast-feed her, something I couldn't do the first time. Thank you so much Renee for helping me achieve the labor I desired. My family and I will always treasure all that you did for us and truly feel you are part of our family. God bless you and your family.


Faiza1/12/2011I consider myself incredibly lucky to have met Rene and have her with me at the birth of my son. i felt secure and comfortable with her presence. she is loving, compassionate and very patient individual. she is very knowledgable in her field and provides great advise. i can't say enough about her and would highly recommend her to anyone seeking a doula. 


Jenifer Geraldino12/13/2010I never had doula for my 1st daughter because I never understood what's doula stand for. My 1st daughter was breech (C-section with her) but after i had my 2nd daughter and it was never been a breech and was looking forward to do a VBAC after I found the hospital allowed me to do a VBAC in Newark, NJ! So, my sister Yineth told me about doula and she helped me look for it. We found Renee! I hired Renee for the last minute during my 37 weeks pregnant for my 2nd daughter. By the way, I am Hard Of Hearing and she knew how to make me understanding her. She is trying her best out of it. She definetely made me feel comfort at the last minute of my labor in the early morning. Renee helped me through contractions before we arrived at the hospital. Throughout my labor, Renee was very knowledgeable, caring, and a lot of patient. She is so great with massage to reduce the pain on my back. Renee has also answering all my questions quickly with all of my concern through text message and during my braxton hicks too! She is so great! I will recommend you to have Renee as your doula!


Noelia Sayas-Jimenez9/23/2010Renee is a very dependable individual. She definetely made me feel comfort from the first day I met her. Throughout my labor Renee was very knowledgeable, caring, kind, patient and gentle. Renee has also been available after my labor to answer any questions. I feel confident in recommending Renee.


Heather Spergel8/25/2009I used Renee Hennings for the water birth of my second daughter, Gabriella, in Aug 2009.  Words can barely describe how wonderful my birth experience was, and how amazing Renee was for the entire birth process.  I interviewed Renee and right away knew she was the doula for me.  I felt like she was a strong person, emotionally and physically, was personable, and would keep me feeling safe and comforted through my birth process.  She was always available by phone or email at the drop of a hat.  I was afraid to go to my midwife for an internal exam toward the end of my pregnancy, and Renee literally held my hand for the visit.  She had me relaxed, laughing, and comfortable.  As my birth neared and anxieties increased, she eased my mind with an ear to listen, advice when I needed it, and came to my house to just check in with how I was doing.  I felt like she was going the extra mile before we even got to the birthing room.  Renee made it clear that she was there for me, no matter what or when.  The day of my birth, Renee helped me through contractions before we arrived at the hospital, responding quickly, lovingly, and efficiently to my needs.  I arrived at the hospital with the clear realization that she would be a rock for me to lean on.  During my birth, she held my hand, rubbed my arm, used essential oils on my feet, helped me in the shower; did whatever I needed.  She even photographed our unmedicated water birth.  These memories and pictures I will forever cherish and they would not have been possible without her there.  Would I recommend Renee to friends? Absolutely.  In fact, if I have another child, Renee is at the top of my call list!