DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
53 TESTIMONIALS

Renée Pizzuto

Tribe of Mine, LLC

Newton, NJ  Service range 45 miles  Serve Northern & Central New Jersey, Pennsylvania & NYC

https://www.tribeofmine.com/

Birth Fee

$2000 to $3000

CONTACT RENÉE VIEW RENÉE'S AVAILABILITY

Wilson6/10/2023Renée was an invaluable part of our team during my wife's first pregnancy and the birth of our child. I was initially unsure about hiring a doula. After working with Renée, I wouldn't recommend childbirth without one. She gave us the confidence and tools to feel prepared for the birth, and was a source of strength and calm during a very long and strenuous labor.Renée taught me how each stage of labor and delivery worked, how my wife's body would react, and how the physical, emotional and mental processes are connected. Armed with this knowledge heading into the birth, we were able to make sound, reasoned decisions for my wife's care and comfort during each step of the process. Renée was there for me when I needed her, stepping in as a second supporter and caregiver for my wife after a sleepless night in the delivery room. She stayed with us for more than 40 hours, helping to ensure a healthy delivery and providing immediate breastfeeding and bonding support. I do not think we would have had the confidence and presence of mind to make clear decisions that led to a healthy childbirth without her.Renée's approach was perfect for us. She equipped us with the knowledge we needed. She was caring and direct in her communication, and was a great listener throughout. She truly wanted what was best for us, and wanted to support our decision making, whatever it turned out to be. I would recommend Renée to anyone who wants to feel knowledgeable, supported and confident in birthing a child.


Paige Kresge11/23/2022I get a little emotional writing this because your love and support throughout my  pregnancy and labor was truly unforgettable. I am so blessed to have had such a beautiful birth and I know deep down inside that it wouldn't have been possible without you. Hugo and I gained an abundance of knowledge while working with you and we are eternally grateful for everything you taught us. Your support before, during, and after our son's birth was the best investment we could have made. Thank you for your love, light, and guidance. 


Laura11/19/2022Renee , there are no words to describe what your support and knowledge means to us. Labor is definitely a time to stay centered and focused. Having the right team is EVERYTHING. The individualized care and love that you have for what you do, your clients, and your mission is the exact COMFORT that we needed during this life changing and beautiful time for our family. You exceeded our expectations. Every new mamma needs a doula like YOU! THANK YOU for your light in this world . We love you!


Josh Cartagena8/17/2022Our family is deeply grateful for Renee. Her wisdom, guidance, and warm presence helped us bring our beautiful son into this world. We could not have had the natural birth we wanted without her.  


LG8/17/2022Renee started our journey together by learning our preferences for childbirth and expectations of her. She then based her approach on that end. Her prenatal sessions were packed with information, education and sprinkled with plenty of humor. She's engaging and personable. She instantly feels like a friend. Renee provided a truly holistic approach to supporting childbirth. From emotional and mental preparation to physical comfort measures and helping to organize life around the arrival of a newborn. She was the person making sure I was fulfilling my desires and plans.When I went into labor, Renee arrived at the perfect moment, just when it got too much for me to handle alone. My labor was too fast for my mind to catch up with, and in the moments of transition when I felt like I couldn't hold on any longer, I found stability in Renee's eyes. She firmly but gently reminded me where my power was. Renee's presence not only grounded me but also empowered my husband. He needed her support and the wealth of experience she brought to our home that night. His demeanor instantly relaxed when she arrived.During the ever-changing emotions and challenges of postpartum, Renee was that present friend interested in my well-being more than just the cute newborn. She helped practically with breastfeeding and all the nuances of those first couple of weeks. Not only in the immediate postpartum period was she right there but also months later as I transitioned into motherhood.I feel that Renee is the keeper of my story. She believed the power was already in me. How she treated me deeply affected how I thought of myself during a very impressionable and vulnerable period of my life. And that sense of care and respect is with me to this day and for always. If you're considering adding Renee to your birth team, don't hesitate!


Maria Pennacchi8/7/2022Finding Renee and booking her to be my doula was the best thing ever! During our consult , I  expressed all my concerns and Renee instantly made me feel at ease. She was so supportive and already making me feel like I can learn so much from her. When I learn and understand what’s happening in all aspects of pregnancy, labor and birth, I feel less scared and stressed.When Renee came for the 3 prenatal classes, she was so knowledgeable and passed on such much education to my husband and I. For us, education was so important to understand how to prepare my mind and body for the big day. She taught my husband different techniques to help me when contractions hit. Day of labor comes, Renee arrived at the hospital after speaking to my midwife and did not leave my side . I had a hospital birth and she was there every step of the way. She was next to me and my husband and so supportive with all our decisions. Renee knew exactly what positions I needed to get in order to help my baby turn. I pushed for 2 hours and she kept reminding me to breath , stay calm and worked with my midwife for a smooth delivery. My baby ended up in NICU and when my husband ran to NICU , this was about 4am and Renee did not leave my side until my husband came back. She is so amazing!After the baby was born , she came for a postpartum visit to check on the baby and on us as new parents.  I was really struggling with breastfeeding, and Renee provided so much help . I felt so awkward even holding my baby to nurse, but she really helped to increase my confidence.She truly cares about helping in so many ways . As new parents , we are so grateful to have her. My husband and I always say , if someone gets pregnant and they need a doula, they need Renee!


Lina Reznik Markman3/13/2022“Be as you are. I just want to come and be supportive. Would you like me to pick up coffee or breakfast while I’m en route?”The only thoughts running through my mind that moment while about to have our postpartum visit with Renee were, naturally, where did this human come from; and then (perhaps more curiously), what kind of world would we have if every woman had access to a doula like Renee during such an intense experience, arguably the most purposeful one of our lives? And how would that maternal empowerment translate to raising future generations of happier, healthier children?When you find yourself reflecting on one woman’s potential to affect change on a global societal scale, I think it’s safe to say you found yourself the right doula.Working with Renee has frankly changed my understanding of what it means to trust my body and my intuition. For me, what started as a chaotic, anxiety-ridden hospital induction at the 11th hour evolved into an experience I look back upon with love and laughter and such internal peace. And all of that is because of the safe psychological and physical space Renee created for my husband and me during (and after) our child’s birth. (continued below) 


Lina Reznik Markman3/13/2022(continued from above) From my first call to Renee just a few days before my induction to the moment we met at the hospital for the first time, she helped me transform my feelings of worry, internal disappointment and downright fear of the birthing process into an intuitive sense of confidence — a deep knowing that this entire birth story was one that I would consciously be the creator and the author of.I leaned fully into Renee’s powerful coaching and trusted her to guide me through the entire process of labor and delivery. In that process, she taught me how to make every decision, both psychological and physical, out of a place of abundance — not of fear. From the meditations to the massages, even to the hilarious banter Renee provided to my husband when she sensed his restlessness… this woman’s energy and level of skill during this entire experience somehow transcended the professional plane. Her approach to her work is powered by a strong spiritual love for helping to bring life into this world… and preparing mothers to nurture themselves and their babies.Whether it’s proper breastfeeding technique, holistic healing practices, tips on proper newborn care, or coaching sessions on mental resilience and gratitude, the tools Renee has armed me with continue to benefit me even now, after our postpartum visit. Now — in the fourth trimester — when so much of a mother’s tired footing often seems like it’s on uneven ground, now is when I’m able to really process the true value of Renee’s services. And knowing I can reach out to her as a resource, a wingwoman, even a sounding board to try and make sense of my own internal dialogue as a mom is as invaluable as it is comforting.To put it into Renée’s words, “I’ve become woven into your story… and you’ve become woven into mine.”


Gina Aponte Petrovich4/14/2020(Part 1) I had a high risk pregnancy due to prior cervical surgery and being over 40. We wanted to hire a highly experienced doula to try and have the natural birth we wanted. Knowing our birth plan wishes were most likely going to be complicated my husband and I were delighted when Renee came highly recommended.We interviewed 7 very experienced doulas including Renée. Renee was the ONLY one who insisted we meet in person and what can I say... it was an instant connection. She was so empathetic and caring and I knew right away that this was someone I could feel comfortable in front of being at my best and worst. After having her undivided attention in person and on a video call later that week so my husband could meet her too, we unanimously decided she was our person. When making the final decision, Iet it be known that my husband is a practical facts and science kind of guy. I also knew he would want emotional support for him at this life changing event so he could be fully present and centered for me and the baby. When discussing hiring Renee I asked him “Do you feel she has the information and technical knowledge we need?” He said yes. I also asked “Do you think you feel comfortable crying in front of her?” he also said yes. At that moment we teared up and giggled knowing we wanted her extensive knowledge and emotional support to guide us through our birth experience.The prenatal home visits were super useful and we practiced labor techniques, went over birth plans, labor process, breastfeeding, etc. We also checked in on how we were feeling about each step all the time and got prep homework for the big day. Renee even brought us a labor kit including a birth ball, water bottle, electrolytes, etc. After meeting with her I felt really confident and prepared. Up until the labor, we checked in a few times a week via phone to talk about doctors visits, questions, and how I was feeling. (Continued)


Gina Aponte Petrovich4/14/2020(Part 2)When our birth reality started to go off the rails at 36 weeks with a possible risk for the baby, Renee helped us to change course and support us through the idea of a much more medical birth than we would have wanted. She asked the right questions and empowered us to challenge the doctors with risk/benefit analysis in order for us to stand by the right decision for us. We ended up making it to 40 weeks until we had to get induced and avoided the preterm risk to the baby thanks to questions Renee helped bring up.The labor itself was intense and long as many are. Renee met us at the hospital for our induction and was amazing coaching through contractions and giving me massage etc. She was extremely level headed, supportive, and patient as the labor evolved into some unforeseen circumstances. Even though I ended up with an emergency c section after a very long labor, Renee and my doctors did everything imaginable to get my baby out as naturally as possible until we had no other options that wouldn’t put myself or the baby at risk. They really bent over backwards to try and make the vaginal birth I wanted.As soon as I was in recovery after our son was born, Renée was back in action making sure I got skin to skin with our son, and that he breastfed colostrum and latched correctly. Upon discharge, she visited us at home twice always going above and beyond, bringing me flowers and treats. She checked in on us regularly via phone to see how we were all doing and especially how I was feeling. She helped us with breastfeeding, C section scar, and mental self care. She was a real pillar of support during the baby blues period I suffered after the birth. She really became a friend to our family and we can’t imagine welcoming our son into the world without her. If you are looking for a doula who is knowledgeable, experienced, generous, kind, and a friend for life, look no further. We love Renee Pizzuto!


Vanessa Dos Santos4/6/2020Anyone considering acquiring a doula, look no further! We were on the fence for a long time about getting a doula. We weren’t sure if it was going to be worth it and what the services would entail. Renee not only has an amazing package but she is so knowledgeable. Our pregnancy went through a bunch of rollercoaster moments and Renee adapted and kept us informed and calm throughout all the changes. Renee gave my Husband a voice in birth and pregnancy always checking in with him to make sure he knew how important he was in our son’s birth. Having Renee as a Doula is like having a best friend who knows the ins and outs of pregnancy, birth, child welfare and emotional support. We ended up having to go the cesarean route and even so I would not have changed our decision of having her apart of our birth story. We are beyond blessed to have her as apart of our family!


Julie DiNunzio2/10/2020Hi Renee,How are you? I’ve been meaning to reach out sooner but have been busy with the two little ones. I wanted to thank you again for the birthing class you provided my husband and me. We had our daughter on December 14 and I couldn’t have asked for a better birth. I lost my mucus plug on December 13 but had no other symptoms until 12am December 14. To manage the contractions I used positions you taught and Hypnobirthing. We left for St Barnabas around 2am and I had my baby girl at 5:58am vaginally without any interventions. We followed what you told us. We kindly but sternly told the staff our birth wishes and I lucked out. My doctor and nurse was onboard with my plan and made me feel comfortable.Our daughters name is Anna Marie and this Friday she’ll already be two months old! Nursing is going well so far. If anything changes I’ll let you know.Thanks again,Julie DiNunzio 


John Belizaire2/3/2020Our Doula experience was a real step above our last experience. Thank you so much. You’re amazing. Your approach is unique because it did three things well. Your prepared us for what to expect. Even though we’d done it before, it was five years ago. I think Mother Nature deliberately makes you forget so the human race won’t go extinct. Your thoughtful, research-based guides were very helpful and frankly educational. This prepared us for every step of the way in detail. I was amazed by how close our experience was to the projected version in your materials and live walkthroughs with the “baby.” Your reminded Nilda that she had the right to chose and do what her body was built to do by nature. By explaining to Nilda (and me) the role of contractions, the power of breathing, and the science of the hormones, it allowed her to embrace the experience. Instead of running away from the contractions, she went towards them and it was an experience I will never forget. Siena’s birth was a beautiful one no doubt. But, Lucia’s carried with it a primal, almost spiritual experience as I watched my wife connect with her child’s birth in a loving way. Amazing! You gave me something to do. It might sound funny, but we men need a role beyond contributing our sperm in the birthing process. I was there as my wife’s coach. I was present to provide her support as she climbed the escalator to her postpartum self. During the birth, I focused on holding her hands, saying supportive things to her and connecting to her when she needed it. It is the most connected I have felt to my love in a long time. This was all made possible by your non -judgmental content that provides clear encouragement to be free, to be in love.


Meghan2/3/2020Having a baby was something I dreamed about forever. When I finally got pregnant and thought about the type of birth experience I wanted I had no idea what a doula was or how life changing the experience could be. After you came to our house the first time I knew that I did not want to give birth without you with us. You made me feel empowered, secure, and most importantly informed of my options during labor and delivery. In the months leading up to our delivery you prepared us not only for birth, but also on the changes that were going to happen in our relationship as partners, strategies for postpartum, and support with breast-feeding which was really important to me. Fast forward to our delivery day, you spent close to 24 hours with us at my bedside never taking a moment for yourself. The positivity and calmness you brought to the delivery room was something that I will never forget. Now I know everything did not go according to my “plan”, however I wouldn’t change a thing about my delivery if I could. I had such an amazing and positive life changing experience and I know that it has a lot to do with you. Even your presence was enough to calm me during one of the most painful experience of my life. I can never thank you enough for not only guiding me through this most important day but for also bringing me peace and tranquility. Chris was also blow away by the experience. He can not sing your praises enough. When people ask about our delivery and experience the first thing he states is you need to have Renee with you. She was amazing the whole time we couldn’t have done it without her. He is already planning for our next child and said you have to be with us. So thank you Rene for all you have done for us and our family and for truly making my birth the BEST day of my life. We love you so much and appreciate all of you amazing hard work.


robyn bisci7/28/2019(Part 1) I have known Renee on a personal level for over twenty years. Getting to know her on a professional one and having her play such an important role in one of the most special treasured moments in my life was nothing short of one of my biggest blessings. My husband and I couldn't be more appreciative and grateful for all of Renee's hard work , guidance and support throughout the pregnancy and birth of our son. Renee and many others that have known me for a long time know how important it was for me to have a family. I would great conversations with Renee about the day I become a mother long before God had that planned for me. Considering I gave birth to my son right after I turned 40 forty years old those dreams where tested many of times . Renee always reassured me not to lose hope. The most challenging time I had to face this was when I was diagnosed with Stage 2b breast cancer in January 2017, right after I turned 38. Now besides being a mom was being questioned but if I was ever going to be able to nurse my baby once they were born . Again Renee reassured me that I would have a healthy baby no matter what I chose and informed me of all my options. I knew my health , my life, my presence would be the most important gift I gave my children if that time came. I went forward with my decision to have a full bilateral mastectomy in March 2017. My husband and I would marry July 2017 and our plans were only put off a short time because of my age. Once I got cleared from my oncologist our family was in the making. It was highly recommended to wait a little longer because of the hormonal change I would go through after estrogen and progesterone positive strong breast cancer but my doctor advised me to just get my follow up check ups after the birth of a baby. (continued below)


robyn bisci7/28/2019(Part 2) As soon as I saw a positive at home pregnancy test Renee was one of the first people I called to share the exciting news. She happened to be the friend I was on the phone with when I experienced my miscarriage. It was determined that I had a chemical pregnancy. How quick that excitement and joy turned to sadness and depression. Of course Renee was right by my side giving me all the encouragement and support I needed. She always reminded me not to give up and constantly reassured me I would be a mom and a good one. Now fast forward to January 29,2019 at 5:30 pm who else was right there to coach me through an amazing delivery of my first born , it was my friend and now officially my doula Renee. My husband and I were so thrilled to meet our little boy and know that day and the days leading up to it would not have been how special and miraculous as it was without the guidance of Renee. At first my husband was confused on what a doula was and if having one was completely neccessary, now he feels we couldn't birth any more children without one. A worth of a doula is priceless , especially if you have more natural holistic plans about the idea of pregnancy, labor, birth , and postpartum ideas. Renee exceeded all expectations and I couldn't have imagined experiencing this special part of my life without her support, coaching and knowledge. Right down to when my birth planned had to get tossed aside and I had to be open to another option Renee helped further inform me about situation at hand and once again reassured me it would all be ok. So I could give birth at a birthing center and had to go to a hospital to get induced but Renee played a vital role with my nurse and midwife in still making sure I was in an atmosphere that was comfortable for me . It wasn't for a second that Renee let me doubt that I wasn't going to have the experience I always dreamed of. How true that became. (continued below)


robyn bisci7/28/2019(Part 3) Now I had my precious baby boy in my arms at my chest and Renee didn't just didn't leave she made sure I was comfortable and feeling as safe and confident as I could. That included assisting me with what is called a SNS system so I could nuse my baby. Yes ,that is correct after a double mastectomy I was able to put donor milk in special bottles attached to thin tubing that would be taped to my chest and nipple to nurse my baby boy. That truly made this moment a complete miracle. I am still nourishing my son at 6 months with donor milk . Another valuable part of this journey that could not of happened without the knowledge and direction from my special friend and doula Renee. With all that said I'm left with these last words: "The best love is the kind that awakens the soul, that makes us reach for more, that plants the fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds." This is what Renee Pizzuto did for me as my friend and doula and I know another woman and her family Renee would make sure had the same experience. Like I said I was lucky enough to have had a prior friendship with Renee ,and for many years before she became my doula but I now know personally other women that had Renee as their doula . Even if their first time meeting Renee was their first pre-natal consult by the time they birthed their child Renee was more than a friend but family.


Liza Eisenstein7/27/2019There are never enough or the right words to express how truly grateful I am for the role you played before, during, and after the birth of Chaya. I felt it all the way to my soul. You spent countless hours communicating with me via email, text, and phone; joining me for my appointment and educating me at my home. You taught me how to breath, how to advocate for myself, how to ask the right questions and so much more. Over the time we spent together, I mentioned all the things I wanted for my ideal labor that were not possible because of health issues that came up. You helped me take the changes to my birth plan (which I realize I never had a chance to share with you) in stride and work with what we had. I remember so much (or so I think I do) from the day I was in labor. My fondest memories are of you and how much you helped me get through each contraction. You knew exactly what to say to me and at the most perfect time for me to truly hear you. I may not have been able to follow through but I heard you every time. Your calm and powerful presence, your soothing voice, and your reassurance are exactly what I needed to work through each intense contraction without pain medication. I was not a quitter (even though I came pretty close) because I knew you were there for me. I also have to tell you how much I appreciate the role you played in guiding and reassuring my husband throughout the most challenging of moments. Every time we talk about my labor, he reflects so fondly on how much you helped him. You reassured him many times when he was worried about me and if what happening was "normal" and gave him tools to tend to me when I needed it most. I am forever grateful that our paths crossed and you were there to guide and welcome me into a new tribe: motherhood.


Edina Pepic7/18/2019No amount of words can describe what you mean to Elvis and me, no amount of thank you’s, and hugs could make you understand. We found you at a time in my pregnancy where I needed you more than I knew at the time. I planned for a natural birth, unfortunately it didn’t go as I hoped and when I needed someone to be my rock there you were! Always calm, always with the answers, and always with a plan. Elvis and I were two lost puppies who had no idea what we were doing or what we were in for! Being that my family lives far away and were unable to be near me made it so stressful and emotional, but in some unexplainable way your energy, knowledge, way of teaching, positivity, and love made me feel like I had everyone I needed and more. We are beyond grateful that god sent you our way and that we were able to truly connect with you on a level so rare and magical. Thank you for always listening to me, answering all our “silly” questions, putting up with my pregnancy brain and attitude! Thank you for being patient and loving. Thank you for encouraging me to breastfeed and continue pumping! And most of all thank you for building the foundation for me to be the best mommy for my princess. Forever grateful that I found you and made a forever friendship.


Hallie Galgano7/14/2019My husband and I will tell anyone that asks (and even if they don’t ask!) that we couldn’t have done it without Renée! She created such a calm and positive experience (from the moment we met to after the birth) that we wouldn’t have achieved on our own as first time parents-to-be. From the moment we met Renee, she was passionate to understand who we were individually and as a team, as well as our wishes (and fears). She truly took the time to make sure we were fully informed on different topics in order for us to have the birth we wanted. All of our interactions - whether in person / video chat / phone - were helpful in not only providing information but also in calming our nerves. She believed in us, which helped us to believe in ourselves. We felt much more prepared not only with what to expect but also understanding our options during the birth. Renée's knowledge and ability to adjust my body made a huge difference. She was a great coach and helped me to believe in myself through the entire process - my husband was great, but it definitely helped having someone who’s been through it to also tell you you’re doing great. With her help, I had a natural mother-led birth. She also captured amazing photos which we are so thankful for!! We highly recommend her to anyone interested in a doula! She was the perfect addition to our team!


Lucia V6/10/2019Ed and I feel incredibly lucky to have had Renee as our doula. From the very beginning Renee put us at ease when either one of us felt overwhelmed or was anxious about things. She had a plethora of information and communicated clearly and creatively. Renee has a great heart and connected very well with us. We did not feel like we were clients but more like family. When it came down to labor and delivery, Renee was with us for over 24 hours. She understood and respected the decisions we made during the entire process and helped us to go with the flow and accept what was happening. Without Renee things would have been totally different. We are so thankful for her guidance, love and support. She will forever be a part of our special experience.


Jacqueline Farucci6/22/2018Having Renee on our team for the birth of our first son was one of the best decisions we made. Immediately, we hit it off and my husband and I knew she was “our people”. I consider myself to be pretty type A, organized, plan everything to a T but I knew deep down that you can only plan so much when it comes to a birth. What I did know, was that I wanted to feel as prepared as possible to ease my anxiety. And that is exactly what Renee did for my husband and I. She has such a warm and calming way about her that you can’t help but get more excited and less anxious with every visit. She really allowed my husband to enjoy our son’s birth and not feel nervous or stressed that he had to be in control of a situation he’s never been in! And she allowed me to relax and take a breath knowing we had such an amazing teammate. Although I ended up having some complications and my birth did not go as planned, I know without a doubt in my mind I would have been a nervous wreck without her support helping me through it each step of the way. She really gave me the confidence to speak up for myself to the nurses and doctors when I had questions or opinions. I never once felt overwhelmed and that is more than I could ever asked for. After my son’s birth, I struggled with breastfeeding as many do. It was an extremely emotional experience for me and I almost gave up a few times. But Renee was there, even more than I could have hoped for, with love and support and reassurance that I can do this and I did! She is just an all around wonderful human being and I’m so grateful to have met her!


Jacqueline Farucci6/22/2018Having Renee on our team for the birth of our first son was one of the best decisions we made. Immediately, we hit it off and my husband and I knew she was “our people”. I consider myself to be pretty type A, organized, plan everything to a T but I knew deep down that you can only plan so much when it comes to a birth. What I did know, was that I wanted to feel as prepared as possible to ease my anxiety. And that is exactly what Renee did for my husband and I. She has such a warm and calming way about her that you can’t help but get more excited and less anxious with every visit. She really allowed my husband to enjoy our son’s birth and not feel nervous or stressed that he had to be in control of a situation he’s never been in! And she allowed me to relax and take a breath knowing we had such an amazing teammate. Although I ended up having some complications and my birth did not go as planned, I know without a doubt in my mind I would have been a nervous wreck without her support helping me through it each step of the way. She really gave me the confidence to speak up for myself to the nurses and doctors when I had questions or opinions. I never once felt overwhelmed and that is more than I could ever asked for. After my son’s birth, I struggled with breastfeeding as many do. It was an extremely emotional experience for me and I almost gave up a few times. But Renee was there, even more than I could have hoped for, with love and support and reassurance that I can do this and I did! She is just an all around wonderful human being and I’m so grateful to have met her!


Gregory Boccuti6/22/2018Hiring Renee as our doula was quite possibly the best decision my wife and I made. Renee is knowledgeable, passionate, and most importantly, personally invested in us, our labor and birth plan, and helping our birth experience to be exactly as WE wanted it. Renee helped us build our own birth plan. Renee’s guidance helped us figure out what approach to a birth plan was best for us, and also to be confident in making the decisions, choices, and changes to make that plan happen! The day of our daughter’s birth was a crazy one. While we ultimately saw most of our birth plan come true (natural and unmedicated, laboring mostly at home, calm and relaxed labor environment), the circumstances around how the birth ultimately played out were something we could have NEVER imagined. Because of Renee’s guidance, we were both prepared, confident, and empowered to handle ANY and EVERYTHING that happened on that day...we could not have done it without her! Right after the birth, Renee was immediately helpful in helping my daughter get the all important first latch. Because our daughter was born early, she had weight and blood sugar issues in the hospital, which made the first days of breastfeeding very difficult. She (literally) assisted us in hand expressing colostrum and taught us how to spoon feed it to our daughter so she could still have it even though she was having difficulty feeding because of her medical issues. Without Renee’s help, we would have not been successful with breastfeeding! Since the birth, Renee has continued to be of help to our family. She was always available when we needed to ask questions regarding breast feeding, sleep training, postpartum issues, and other general first-time-parent questions. We didn’t just find a doula, we found a friend, and frankly, a member of our family for life. We are forever grateful for everything she has done for our family!


Meghan Marton6/10/2018When I got pregnant I knew that I wanted to have as healthy a pregnancy as possible which led me to take pre-natal yoga classes. We knew that we wanted someone with experience to help us and to advocate for us so that we could be sure to have every chance possible of having our dream delivery. I found Renee and had one video call and I knew then that we had definitely found our doula - and I'm quite sure that this is the path I was meant to follow. I went into labor (which ended up being 33 hours total) and when things were getting really hard for me my husband called Renee and asked her to come to our house - it was the perfect time for her to show up because I was losing faith and confidence in myself (and of course it was the middle of the night but Renee came without hesitation). Renee came in and coached me through some contractions - then she massaged me through some contractions and for the first time I was able to remain sitting through them. She gently massaged my feet and legs and I was able to fall asleep for the few minutes in between contractions. Also, during this time she was with me my husband was able to take a critical nap since he had been awake with me the whole time and was really worried about driving me to the hospital on no sleep. He felt comfortable leaving me in Renee's capable hands - the trust we both had in her was so important to this process. My contractions were so painful that I was saying I couldn't do it any longer - I wanted to go to the hospital and get an epidural...just abandoning my birth plan but Renee said to me "if we get to the hospital and you are at 8 cm will you work with me?" and I agreed. Well one crazy car ride later we were at the hospital and I was at 8 cm! There was no time to even think about an epidural and Renee held both my body and mind while all the hospital stuff happened around us - she kept me calm and centered as my fear started escalating. (Continued below)


Meghan Marton6/10/2018(Continued from above) When I was pushing (for over two hours) I remember looking up and feeling surrounded by love - there was my husband, Renee, two amazing nurses and my doctor and somehow I got through. Renee also took pictures for us as my son was coming into the world - it was her idea to do this and I am SO grateful to her because I will treasure those pictures forever (I didn't think I wanted pictures but I am so incredible happy that we have them). After the baby was born they took him away because he had swallowed some stuff on his way out and my husband felt comfortable leaving me with Renee so he could go with our baby - I was never alone because of Renee and we were both so grateful for that - it was just another wonderful reason to give birth with an amazing doula as part of your team! There are so many little things you never think about before you give birth which were made easier because we had Renee with us - from my husband being able to drop us off at the front of the hospital while he parked the car to him never having to stop holding my hand to take pictures to the truly amazing post delivery support that was provided - I truly can't imagine giving birth without Renee there to help! Renee was amazing during labor and afterwards! She tried to get my baby to latch right after he was born which didn't go well but she never gave up - and she did everything she could to help me not give up. She came and visited us the day after we got home from the hospital and told us she thought he might have a tongue tie. We immediately went to an IBCLC who verified that our baby had both a lip and tongue tie which needed to be corrected. We are really thankful to Renee for helping us learn about this immediately so that we could get it fixed for him - and as early as possible in his little life. I am very grateful and happy that we had Renee with us - her help throughout labor and delivery - and post partum was really special!


Lisa Michael10/31/2016We met with Renee at our house and I knew instantaneously she was exactly what we were looking for. She has a very calming demeanor about her and is very soft spoken. Renee is extremely knowledgeable in what she does and was able to answer every single one of my questions. Renee really made my days post partum so much more relaxing and comfortable. She literally would help in every aspect you can imagine and really takes interest in the mommy's well being and is so amazing about it without overstepping in any way. From using essential oils on me to cooking breakfast to taking the baby out for a stroll...Renee does it all. In addition, I'm a breastfeeding mom and was having a bunch of issues with the baby latching and I was ready to give up. Renee was hands on with this (literally ;)) and made the entire process so much better and relaxing. She also suggested I look into whether my child had tongue tie and lip tie, something I've never heard of and recommended a doctor who performs the procedure without cutting. This helped my situation ten-fold. From an emotional perspective, Renee really listened to my experiences and feelings and really helped put everything in perspective for me. I literally cried when we reached our last session. Long after her services to me were over, Renee reached out to me at a critical time when I really needed some help. Through conversations with her and her great network of resources she helped me thru a hard time on a Saturday night when I'm sure she had family obligations. I cannot recommend her enough and regret not using her services as a doula when in labor as well. Renee will forever remain close in my heart and I will forever be thankful.


Katie Rousiamanis9/28/2016As anyone could imagine giving birth is one of the scariest moments for someone who has never experienced it before. It's the fear of the unknown, the what ifs, and just becoming a parent in general. With Renee as my doula by my side the fear diminished. I'm one of those people who suffers from panic anxiety disorders. Needless to say I was petrified to give birth. I felt like I needed someone there with me who was much more experienced and could keep me calm (in addition to my husband). Well Renee did just that! As soon as my contractions started getting more intense she was at my door. She helped ease my pain and calm my nerves by massaging my back and feet. She had essential oils burning and calming music playing. Renee helped place my body in different positions to try and ease the contractions for me as much as possible. I labored as long as I could at home to speed up the process in the hospital. As soon as we got to the hospital she never left my side. She helped coached me through the most amazing moment of my life. She even grabbed my camera (with my permission of course) and captured the most beautiful moment of our baby Jack being born. My favorite picture is when we found out "IT'S A BOY". After all was said and done Renee came by our house to check up on us often along with phone calls. She helped with nursing and literally anything we needed. Renee has the most genuine heart and is full of compassion. She loves her job so much and is so educated in all aspects. I can't imagine ever having another baby without Renee. We look forward to working with her in the future!


kemangano9/28/2016Renee was by far my saving grace and angel not only through out my birth but through out the past 2 1/2 years. Renee is not just a doula she has been a friend and a shoulder to lean on through every possible scary thought and experience a new mother to be could have. Renee went above and beyond for my son, my husband and myself. She stuck with me through both pregnancies although my first I suffered a loss I could not have gotten through it without Renee. She made the birth of my rainbow baby magical. I am proud to call Renee a part of my little family!


Ariana Golub9/28/2016I like to be educated BEFORE I get to the doctor so that I know all possible options available to me. Especially since I knew, from the start, that my goal was to have an unmedicated labor! I met Renee through a friend but when I spoke to her about her approach to families I knew she was the right doula for me! She's all about education - the WHATS and HOWS of labor as well as what to expect along the way and during the "BIG DAY"! Despite her living an hour or so away, Renee still made herself available and even drove to us for our in person appointments! She never hesitated to answer questions and concerns. More so, when answering questions she didn't say "this is my answer and you must take it as THE ONLY answer" she asked questions back and help guide me/us to the answers that felt best for us. She really helped guide me to the labor that I wanted. Then came the big day- Renee was on the road in our direction at 2am (or whatever time it was - it's hard to be exact considering my state of being at the time!). She arrived and was ready for action - and action is what she got! But she was there - supporting me, supporting my partner in supporting me and never once taking over like it was her show. Her approach to support during labor makes it feel like you have someone by your side but not getting in the way of the moments that are meant for you and for you and your partner. My labor was a very long 33 hour process and Renee stood by our side the ENTIRE TIME!! My mom, who was skeptical of us using a doula (because why do you want someone besides your mother with you?!?) was beyond grateful for Renee and finally understood why we chose her. I cannot thank Renee enough for everything she has done for us! She continues to check in with us and I truly hope she will continue to be a part of our lives as our son grows - and when I have the courage to bring another life into this world!!


Stephanie Torcivia9/28/2016Renee was our doula for our son’s birth on June 6. Renee exceeded my expectations of just needing her during labor; she came for a prenatal visit and made us feel really good about how we had been preparing for labor, provided us with ample relevant resources for questions we had, and most importantly believed in us and supported us unconditionally. It was clear from day one that Renee has a passion for educating and supporting her clients with her refreshingly positive character. It was a whirlwind of a weekend discussing “risks” of birthing a “big” baby and a health issue of mine before deciding to plan a Monday Cesarean and Renee couldn’t have been more helpful talking to my husband, as I was super emotional, about our options. I thank Renee tremendously for being understanding and supportive. We never felt judged, we always felt informed. Most importantly, I believed in me and I knew she believed in me and that was all I needed to feel that I wasn’t alone. My husband appreciated that Renee wasn’t available only to me, but wanted to know his needs to best support him, too. On our big day Renee met us at the hospital, prepped us, waited (a long time) patiently for our son to be born and for grandparents to see him, before she came up to the recovery room to be with me. Family is amazing to have around, but the ability to process and talk to Renee all during an amazing essential oil foot rub was exactly what I needed. This pampering also occurred at an in-home visit a week after our birth where I will forever be in debt to her for showing us how to swaddle our baby peacefully and get him to sleep in his crib, and for giving us helpful information about newborns now that we were past the birth. I am very grateful we had Renee by our sides during this process and highly recommend her as a birth doula!


John, Natalie & Aria Buonsante5/13/2016Having Renée be a part of the birth of our daughter was the best decision we made! As a husband I knew my wife really did research on all things when it came to the birth of our child especially after the long journey we were on. We had 5 miscarriages over three years and 7 doctors before getting our miracle baby. My wife is very into the organic and healthier choices and more holistic ideas, so when she brought up things we can do to be more in charge and in control of our birth plan, having a Doula came up. I of course not knowing anything about having a doula needed to be informed. When my wife set up a 3 hour course with Renée I at first was a little hesitant, but when Renée came over I immediately felt this woman is someone trustworthy and good at what she does. We got to spend the first hour getting to know each other and let’s just say after 20 minutes of having her explain what she does we wanted her to be part of the whole birthing process and hired her on the spot! I don’t think I personally would have made it through the delivery especially after the 48 hours labor, we went from a natural child birth plan to; inducing, epidural and emergency C-section. Renée said from the beginning she doesn’t make medical decisions but she helps make things clear and gives us the space and time to control the environment. She was with us every step of the way all night helping massage Natalie, coaching us, keeping us focused and strong. (continued below)


John, Natalie & Aria Buonsante5/13/2016(continued from above) When things turned to the C section she helped us make sure we understood what was happening. When the drama happened and we were in a state of panic when the baby ended up in the NICU Renée kept us focused on the positives including focusing Natalie on breastfeeding knowing important steps that we needed to do for the baby. I would have not made it without her! Not being as strong as my wife and what I just went through in the operating room I almost lost it! Well, I did lose it – Renée kept me strong! After all that is said and done our baby is fine and Renée even went out of her way in the follow-up postpartum visit and I know she did more than she was supposed to. She was one of the best decisions we ever made through all this and to think at one time I didn’t know what a Doula was! Now I can’t imagine not ever having a Doula for our delivery! I am forever thankful for her and now consider her a great friend! We will definitely have her at our next birth!


Sarah Pampillonia5/13/2016After experiencing an unplanned cesarean section with my first child, I knew that I wanted my next experience in labor and delivery to be different. When I became pregnant with my second, I reached out to Renee immediately. I was emphatic about surrounding myself with as many supportive people as possible, so that I could reach my desired goal: to VBAC. Renee's knowledge of the birthing process, coupled with her unwavering support of my birth plan made a world of difference from the very beginning of my pregnancy. Every step of the way, Renee was there to reassure me of my strength and remind me of my goal. Throughout labor, Renee was there to make sure I was as comfortable as possible. She distracted me when I needed distracting, fed me when I needed fuel, massaged my back through the pain, and advocated on my behalf when it came to the hospital staff. I never felt overwhelmed, unheard or alone. Not only did Renee help to make my second birth experience everything I hoped for, she also took pressure off of my husband. This allowed him to experience labor without the anxiety of having to protect me, and that made HIS experience a better one as well. I can't say enough wonderful things about the woman and professional that Renee is; every woman should be lucky enough to have such support through birth.


Maria Michel Garcia2/24/2016Getting Renée to be part of the journey of our first baby was the BEST choice we could have done, and we would do it all over again with her!!! We came across Renée through a post I had done on Facebook. I had made the move from California to New York being 6 months pregnant to be finally settled in one place with my husband (who is from NY). My post was on the breastfeeding group of Staten Island, and was about reaching out for mommy groups and any suggestions in assimilating to Staten Island. One of the ladies on recommended getting a Doula, and for her to be Renée. I had no idea what a Doula was, so I decided to research it and getting in contact with Renée. After our first meeting with Renée, my husband and I knew IMMEDIATELY we wanted her! She gave us a sense of confidence and security. Being pregnant can be a scary and nervous thing waiting for the big day to be parents. Renée had all this wealth of information but the way she presented it, calmly and experienced, made us feel beyond comfortable with. My husband and I both expressed to her that what we wanted a supportive and calm birth experience, whatever that would look like. It was also important to me for my husband to have some sort of support through this journey, (he is the only child and parents are much older), and Renée did that. On the day of the “Big Day” things did not go as the three of us had planned, but Renée was a savior on that day! Here is why; it was decided on that day, October 6, 2015, (5 weeks before my due date), that my little guy would be born due to my high blood pressure. As soon as I arrived to the hospital, Renée was waiting outside for me, (my husband was on his way back from Virginia). The moment I saw her face I felt a sense of relief, someone I knew and trusted was there, and it meant the WORLD at that moment. (Continued below)


Maria Michel Garcia2/24/2016(Continued from above) She kindly helped us refocus our birth plan and prepare for what was ahead. She knew us, had invested the time to know us and knew what kind of birth experience we wanted, but she also knew the Hospital and procedures, so she was not afraid to share unbiased, evidence based information on what could happen. I completely let go and put ALL my TRUST and FAITH in our new plan, and so did my husband. She had prepared us beforehand for any possible scenario, and we knew anything could happen. Once I was admitted and my husband had arrived, Renée navigated us through to make sure our needs were met. My husband till this day says he can’t imagine not having Renée at our son’s birth. He felt calm and confident, but most important in the “zone” with me, supporting and being right next to me. He knew if he needed clarification or affirmation Renée was a glance away. After the birth of our son, my blood pressure was still not stabilized and not seeing him was not helping. Most importantly I was worried about my colostrum and my son getting it as his first feed. Renée made it happen! She guided my husband in helping me get the colostrum out and assisted him in giving it to our son, for his first feed. Who would have ever done that? (keep in mind that unfortunately nobody in the hospital offer that help) We are forever grateful to having her be part of our journey, and by far the BEST decision we made in having her be part of it!!!!!!


Kate Andreeva-Marino2/24/2016As soon as I got pregnant, I knew I was going to hire a doula. A few members of my family had doulas for their birth experience and highly recommended it. It was time to search. I went on a few different websites and looked up many doulas’ profiles, but still couldn’t pick one. I mentioned this in a conversation with one of my cousins who highly recommended Renée since she was a friend and a wonderful person all around. I looked up her credentials and reviews and was very impressed. So I called and then we spoke on Skype. I really loved Renée but at that point was starting to get hesitant about hiring a doula all together because I was diagnosed with placenta Previa and if it didn’t correct itself, it would be a C-section, but I’m glad I did. Renée was very supportive throughout my pregnancy: answered all of my many and frequent questions, provided with useful information, met with my husband and me multiple times in person and via Skype. She was always punctual and very helpful. Unfortunately my placenta remained Previa and I had to get a C-section, so I wasn’t able to go through the labor like we planned. However Renée helped me plan my gentle cesarean birth. She was at the hospital during the procedure cheering up my family and saw me right after to help with breast feeding. She also arranged a few postpartum visits to make sure breastfeeding is going well. We were highly satisfied with her services, experience and knowledge. We highly recommend Renée as your doula and will be working with her in the future if we decide to have another baby.


Joe Marino2/24/2016Being a first time dad, isn’t an easy thing during pregnancy and postpartum. First off, it’s weird because you kind of don’t really feel like a dad yet. Your Wife or Partner are going through all these different phases of pregnancy and birth that you really don’t understand so having Renée was a plus for both of us. She guided us through the whole process from start to finish. I would highly recommend Renee because she was not only interested in how my wife felt she also made me feel like a part of the team and wanted my input. So soon to be dads out there if getting a Doula is a consideration don’t hesitate in hiring Renée. She is very knowledgeable, comforting and reassuring.


Amy Chi2/23/2016Having Renee as our doula was the best decision we ever could have made! She is an outstanding doula, and an amazing person. Her compassion shines through and she radiates with positivity! She is grounding, nurturing, and knowledgeable and offers invaluable support for pregnancy, labor, and post-delivery. We felt instantly comfortable with Renee and liked that she really took the time to get to know us. Her approach made us feel at ease and I knew my desires for my birth experience would be realized. My goal was to have an unmedicated VBAC and Renee was a huge part in helping me achieve that goal! I also wanted to labor at home for as long as possible before heading to the hospital. Renee came equipped with techniques for pain management such as positioning, massage with essential oils, and applying counter-pressure. She was truly amazing and I will forever be grateful for her support! I honestly could not have had such a great ending to my journey without her help. I highly recommend Renee for all your birthing needs!!!


Courtney Parmigiani11/24/2015After a previously traumatic birth experience, I began my second pregnancy with high anxiety and fear that this birth would not go well again. I had educated myself since my first birth and decided I needed to hire a doula. Renee was recommended to me by many mutual friends. The moment we first met, she brought such a calming, confident feeling and my anxiety and fear melted away. Knowing I would have someone so experienced and knowledgable to guide and support me was invaluable. Renee further educated my husband and me about our options and rights. Renee's presence and knowledge gave me the confidence and peace of mind that I would be in control of this birth. Renee was readily available before, during, and after the birth for anything I needed - even a shoulder to freak out on! She joined me as soon as I asked during labor and supported my husband and me throughout labor and advocated for me in the hospital. Renee was an integral part of helping me succeed in having a completely natural, peaceful, and healing hospital VBAC. She was so supportive and helped me succeed in breastfeeding and transitioning into our new family. 10 months later and Renee continues to be a friend and support for anything I need. I can't thank her enough.


Mary Fiore8/27/2015I hadn't had a doula with my first child, and didn't know anyone personally who had one either. I did some research and realized that I needed a doula in my life! I turned to a local mommy page for recommendations. Renee's name came up several times and I figured I would give her a ring. From the moment she answered her phone, I liked her. She was so warm and receptive and reassuring! When I met her in person it was as if I had known this woman my whole life. She just radiates with care and personality! Her smile is infectious and her laugh is contagious. I hired her immediately! The next few months went by and I called on her time and time again for support. And each time she was there for me with anything I needed- comfort, tallking, pain relieving massages, essential oils, pie (who doesn't love pie!) - you name it and she was there.  She demonstrated such patience, strength (physical and mental!),  and loyalty to me during my last pregnant months and we excitedly approached my birth. We were hoping for a vbac, and Renee helped me learn all aspects of a natural, med free birth (which is what I wanted!) she taught me so much about a mothers body, about breastfeeding, about bonding with my baby. We covered so much and with each new fact and bit of information she made sure I understood what we spoke about. I truly had complete trust in her from the get go. Labor came, and so did my doula. We went to the hospital and she was there, holding me, rocking with me, coaching and encouraging me. She kept my husband and I laughing and smiling the whole time! It was the most incredible beautiful drug free experience of my life. I didn't get my vbac but she was with me for my surgery and after and emotionally held me together. And she's been with me every since! She continues to provide support and care to this day. She will always be my doula from now until forever! Highest recommendation possible! You will not be disappointed. She's a rare gem!


Aaron Lazar8/2/2015Renee was great- she knew how to manage the inevitable ups and downs of the hospital environment. Moreover she was helpful without imposing her opinions on us even a little bit (something I am utterly incapable of doing) really impeccable poise if thats the right word?She knows when to act and when to wait. She knows when to ask and when to suggest. She knows the drill. And she lets enough of the drill simply happen so you never feel like she's excessively guiding it. This seems to me to be an almost miraculous ability.Highly recommended


Christina Carrozza7/30/2015I could not be more happy with our experience working with Renee Pizzuto as our doula.Not only was she extremely organized and informative but so kind and supportive. She explained in detail the stages of childbirth, what we could expect to happen before and after with breast feeding. Through the entire birthing process, Renee was incredibly encouraging and supportive and we had a 35 hour labor. She and my husband worked so well together and I felt I had the birth that I wanted eventhough my water broke early and i had to go to the hospital to do my early labor. I would 100 percent recommend her to any couple, especially if it is your first birth! Worth every penny!!


ponwong2134/27/2015My wife and I had our first baby last April, and we made a last minute decision to have a doula for the labor and birth process. We called Renee two days before my wife's due date, and she was at our apartment the next morning. We spent the morning chatting and getting to know each other and we were instantly impressed with Renee's warm and caring nature. We asked her LOTS of questions, and each answer she gave us made us that more confident and prepared. In just a few hours, with her positive attitude, knowledge and experience, Renee put us infinitely more at ease for what was to come - more than any book we read, and we read a lot of them. By the afternoon, my wife had contractions and before we knew it we were headed to the hospital. My wife went into labor that night and delivered our amazing baby boy at 8am the next morning.I can't put into words how thankful we are that we made the decision to call Renee. Nothing quite prepared us enough for the intense, amazing and surreal experience, but having Renee at our side the entire time provided us, especially my wife with the comfort and confidence we needed. When Renee came to our apartment that morning, she had no idea that she would not leave our side or sleep for the next 24 hours - this did not in the least bit affect her ability to take us through the entire labor and delivery process. On a few occassions we were presented with options by our Dr. and Renee very quickly helped us understand the ramifications of each decision we made. She also created a calm atmosophere for my wife the entire time with exercise techniques and lavendar oils.My wife and I sincerely believe that Renee's professional care, guidance, and encouragement paved the way for what was a smooth and beautiful delivery. We are FOREVER grateful for what she did for us.Jenny & Ron W


serena agnellini12/14/2014I called upon Renee before the birth of my second child to see if she knew anyone that did placenta encapsulation. She happily connected me with a woman who was pleasant to work with and reasonably priced. I had had a rough post Partum with my first son and was looking for a natural way to maybe curb the crazy for this next post partum. But.. I still wound battling anxiety and insomnia after giving birth to my second child. I called on Renee and within 20 min she was at my home calming me down. She offered valuable advice and support that at that moment both my husband and mother couldn't offer me. She is a patient, warm hearted, beautiful mother and I am so thankful she is in my community. Renee is highly recommended as a doula and post partum coach.


Kara McManus12/11/2014Renee played such a huge and positive role during the birth of my first baby 8 months ago. Using her as my doula was one of the best decisions of my life. She was my guardian angel, cheerleader, advocate, rock, and during the pushing stage, literally an extension of my body. I was confident in her abilities during prenatal visits because she has a lot of tricks up her sleeves regarding positions during labor, acupressure points to help deal with pain, aromatherapy, etc. and she had come highly recommended from a friend who's birth she had attended. She and my husband formed this power tag team and I have never felt so cared for and protected. When my waters broke and my midwife wanted to induce me, despite our plan to have a drug free birth, Renee gently reminded me of the birthplan and came to support me during the discussion (in which my midwife agreed to let us go home from the hospital). My labor lasted a couple days and Renee was with my husband and I every step of the way-driving home from the hospital, into Manhattan for acupuncture, to the Brooklyn Birthing Center and back to the hospital-helping me through contractions with acupressure, massage, and plenty of encouragement. During the pushing stage, Renee ended up on the hospital bed behind me, shoulder to shoulder and would push with her legs against the back of the bed to help me curl my body down, because I was losing steam and the doctors had given us a time limit. She would whisper into my ear, exactly what I needed to hear, "You're doing this," "you've got this" and was nothing short of supportive and encouraging. She is strong as an ox despite being a small person--trust me, this is important when trying to get a big pregnant lady into a new position. After the birth, she helped me through breastfeeding difficulties and some postpartum depression issues. Renee is so passionate about what she does. Without a doubt, she was born to be a doula and I'm eternally grateful she was mine.


Jessenia Colon12/9/2014I would like to start off by saying that on behalf of myself, my husband and our daughter, we are so thankful to Renee for the support, education and quality of service that she provided during my pregnancy and delivery. It is rare to come across a service provider who sticks true to their word and goes above and beyond the terms of their contract to give support to a client, but Renee does this. She took the time to answer all of our questions, educate us on the birthing process as well as breastfeeding assistance at whatever time we called. Her method of instruction and skill is amazing. It was because of her that I felt the confidence needed to go through the birthing process, to believe in myself that I have the ability to overcome what so many first time moms fear - the pain and the unknown. Renee took the time to teach my pain management skills and made herself available to assist in any way. On the day of delivery, Renee came as soon as she could to the hospital to assist through the transition. She worked tirelessly to help my daughter change positions and manage the pain and discomfort as much as possible. What she taught my husband during our pre-labor time together gave him the confidence to be a great coach, and Renee stood by our side during delivery, never once making my husband feel inadequate to the coaching task yet available to provide whatever support he needed. I had some breastfeeding issues and felt that I had failed as a mom in that area, however, Renee helped me to see that what makes a mother is not her ability to breastfeed but to do whatever is necessary in order to provide for my child. Renee consistently made herself available to try different methods in order for me to breastfeed my daughter and when those methods were not as successful she gave me the emotional support to move on and select the best for my daughter in terms of formula. Renee was a true gift to our family.The Gutierrez Fam - Jessie, Eddie and Mia


Karine Moore12/9/2014I can't say enough good things about my experience with Renee. I was fully prepared as a first time mom to be extremely nervous about my pregnancy and delivery but with Renee guidance i felt that I had all the information and support to go through with confidence and the knowledge that when needed I would have someone to lean on and be able to rely on for questions and issues as they arose. I had answers for questions I didn't know I had and had a plan for things I didn't know I should or could expect. All these aspects in addition to her calming presence led to a very succesful outcome :). I am deeply grateful to be able to have had such a positive birthing experience that I know what made 100% better for having Renee guiding me all the way.


Dana Sinclair12/9/2014It is my honor and privilege to share my experience with Renee as my doula. As anyone could imagine, the whole experience of giving birth is a bit stressful but, I found the perfect doula that made the experience memorable. Renee has a warm and easy-going nature and has a very caring heart. During labor she was calm and soft spoken, letting me know what was happening and how to move through the pain. She massaged my back and feet and certainly made me feel more relaxed and comfortable. She was by my side and encouraged me every step of the way. Even after I gave birth, she stayed with me at the hospital for as long as I needed. It didn't end there. She often stopped by my house to help me and teach me the basics, from nursing to diapering to swaddling the baby. I am grateful to have had her for a doula. Renee possesses outstanding qualities-she is loving, kind, gentle, and extremely supportive. I highly recommend her for she is a wonderful doula and a beautiful person. Without a doubt, I will be using Renee in the future, and I can't imagine going through a second pregnancy without her.


Mama Goose11/29/2014I first contacted Renee soon after learning I was expecting-in need of some posititvity. She was THE person to call. She fairly radiates with joy, especially when discussing babies and young children. She really was able to provide exactly what I needed at that moment - ENCOURAGEMENT. It was my third child, but I was overwhelmed - it had been quite some time since my babydays, and starting all over seemed scary - so did childbirth for that matter. Maybe because of my previous labor experiences.  Well, by month five of my pregnancy, I had lost my job, and life just seemed to snowball with comoplications. But Renee continued to radiate like a burst of warm sunshine in my life, and always with loving - yes, once again - ENCOURAGEMENT. I still had not decided whether to have her attend the birth. I was hesitant for so many reasons, including wondering if it would make my husband feel less part of the process. I remember she came by one afternoon in late September and gave me a hug and said "let me know if you want me there no pressure". That very evening, in the wee hours of the morning, my water broke. Could I call Renee? I hadn't even made any definite arrangements with her as of yet. I sent her a text that my water had broken. Even though it was nearly 3 am she called me back. I was scared - my water had never broken with my earlier pregnancies, but Renee was there on the other end of the line to offer ENCOURAGEMENT. She arrived at the hospitaljust after we did. Throughout my very long labor, she provided amazing support and ENCOURAGEMENT. She actually helped my husband to be more involved. Her demeanor was loving and helpful, yet professional and confident.The day after I came home, she brought us a huge pot of soup! She has continued to be of assistance even until now, with my daughter's latching difficulties, and as always, LOVING ENCOURAGEMENT. Renee is an amazing person with whom I will forever share a special bond. - Brigid


Lynda Coscia Benedict11/15/2014As a first time mom, I was very nervous about having a child and what the labor/delivery would be like. After meeting with Renee and learning more about the assistance a Doula can provide, my husband and I were excited to partner with her. Since we both work full-time, Renee was very flexible and able to work around our busy schedules. She was always very approachable and responsive when we had questions or needed help. Renee is very trustworthy and her welcoming personality made it easy to communicate with her. She was also very patient and taught us a lot (sometimes repeating things over and over for us). She also provided helpful handouts, links and emails to help us with the learning process. She brought up different scenarios and prepared us for everything – never trying to persuade us but rather educated us on all our options. One thing that I really appreciated was how she spent time speaking with my husband and preparing him for his role in all of this.During labor, Renee came over to our place and helped tremendously with pain management and provided emotional support. During delivery, she partnered with my husband to support me and helped empower me when I was at the point of exhaustion. After the baby was born, we had some trouble latching in the early stages of breast feeding. Renee provided suggestions that some of the lactation consultants had never even heard of. Renee’s techniques helped correct the problem and the baby got the very important colostrum milk. Additionally, in the first couple weeks, when I was sleep deprived and in pain from nursing, there were a couple times I wanted to quit because I was frustrated. Thankfully, Renee was there to coach me through it.In summary, working with Renee was an incredibly positive experience. My husband and I are forever grateful for all her guidance and support during the most special time in our lives. She is very passionate about her work and we highly recommend her.


Dana Giuliano Spinelli11/13/2014I was skeptical about hiring a doula for my birth, but I'm so glad I did! Not only did Renee provide support, but she really listened, was so personable, and helped to alleviate my fears of the birthing process. She provided home visits pre and postpartum and was available by phone 24/7. Renee was available when I needed her most and I am so appreciative of the care she took to make the birth of my daughter as stress-free as possible. Her massage oils and techniques, assistance with the doctors and nurses, and just her general positive attitude made the entire birthing experience more enjoyable. One important factor that sold me on hiring Renee was that she created a judge-free zone where any decisions made prior to or during birth were understood and respected. I had read that some Doulas would judge specific choices (i.e. natural vs. epidural) made by families so I really felt comfortable having Renee by my side. Postpartum, I am grateful for the support that she provided with breastfeeding and making sure that my daughter and I were doing well, even after several months. Renee is a great resource and I highly recommend hiring her if anyone is in search of a caring and knowledgeable Doula.


Rocco Berardi11/12/2014Its quite difficult to imagine the value of someone or something before you know that your first child and every child is priceless. My wife and I had decided NOT to use Renee until 5-7 hours before our daughter was born. My daughter , my heart, my soul , our everything. Initially, we were given a quote by Renee not knowing how truly important she would be as catalyst to the most important moment of our lives. Hours before Etra (our daughter) was born Lisa (my wife) exclaimed to me for help and guidance. I tried my best but there was something missing. We needed help. We needed a peaceful setting. We needed the very person we decided not to use to SAVE MONEY. Lisa called Renee in the middle of the night exclaiming from her pain and agony of the labor birthing process. Renee picked up the phone and needless to say has been with us every single step of the way. She has not only become someone we will certainly use in the future, she has become a true friend. I can only say that anyone considering a doula should strongly consider this kind and warm heart that truly gives 1000% to the task at Hand making the birthing process seemingly effortless. I stand behind my comment so greatly that anyone reading this post can call me or my wife personally and we will tell you how important this woman/wife/mother of 3 is to us FOREVER.Rocco917-974-7316