DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
6 TESTIMONIALS

Rosalia Tisch

Life's Journey Doula Services

Toms River, NJ  Service range 100 miles  For births, serving almost all of NJ. For postpartum, serving the following counties: Monmouth, Ocean, Burlington, and northern Atlantic.

https://www.lifesjourneydoula.com/

Birth Fee

$850 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $50

CONTACT ROSALIA VIEW ROSALIA'S AVAILABILITY

Grace1/8/2023I highly recommend Life's Journey Doula Services. Used Rosie for my 2nd homebirth. She made herself available to me via phone, text, email, and was happy to talk about fears, expectations, options which I truly appreciated (as my first home birth was a horrible mess due to a poor provider). All communication with her (contract paperwork included) was clear and concise. Rosie gave me a folder full of information at our prenatal visits that she went over with me, and we made a birth plan together.My labor was intense, and just less than 4 hours. Rosie got there as quickly as she could, and she was exactly what I needed. Every contraction (back to back and double peaked) I fought it, held my breath, tensed up. And every contraction she reminded me to be calm, to relax, to breathe. Just hearing those words, I would (forcibly) unclench my hands, drop my shoulders, and breathe. When baby was moving down and the pressure was getting a little unbearable I asked Rosie to use a rebozo to help relieve the pressure. She was happy to help.Since we had already discussed my birth plan and expectations, once the baby arrived (and during labor), Rosie was quick to do everything we had talked about, like help clean up, make a sitz bath type rinse, weigh baby, etc. It was so nice to be able to have someone I could depend on, that I knew was there just for me. I didn't have to worry that she'd be distracted by my kids (my husband got pulled away 2x to deal with our kids) or anything else. Her focus was on me and my needs. If I wanted or needed something, all I had to do was ask, and she was immediately stepping up to help. She helped create a peaceful atmosphere to welcome my little one, and for that I am forever grateful.


Elizabeth U.3/19/2021Rosie was the perfect choice for my doula and was indispensable for my labor process. She is so knowledgeable about the labor process and going through it the way it's supposed to work, without unnecessary interventions and procedures. She was with me for more than 24 hours while I labored at my home, helping me through every contraction and trying different things to make my labor easier. After a very traumatic and painful c-section with my first child, I was able to have a successful VBAC with my second child thanks to Rosie. I absolutely would have given up on the process without her help and encouragement. I'm eternally grateful for having found her and would absolutely use her for any future pregnancies God will bless me with.


Rachael krikheli11/25/2019"With the birth of my 11th child, I craved something supportive and warm for the birth environment. I had previously experienced very unsupportive and aggressive care in the hospital. Part of my preparation for this change was to hire a doula and I absolutely struck gold with Rosie! Throughout the pregnancy, she was there to support me, back up my feelings, and in general, be a bastion of calm for me. Upon our eventful delivery in route to the hospital, Rosie was the quiet strength we drew upon, a force that kept us from panicking while we got our baby breathing and safe. She stayed at the hospital with us afterwards and helped us process the night's events and see them in a beautiful, spectacular light. We will be forever grateful for her perspective of our birth."    


Kaitlin Burke4/11/2019Hi Mama To Be,I would HIGHLY recommend using Rosie for labor and delivery / postpartum. I personally used her as a postpartum doula and when she walked in the house- she brought a sense of peace and calm with her. She kept my 2 year old entertained while she supported me in my nursing adventure with my 6 week old. Not only did I feel tremendously emotionally supported, but her dry sense of humor lifted my spirits as well. Once she left- my house was cleaner, my toddler happy, my newborn sleeping and this momma felt fantastic. While I didn’t use her for labor and delivery- I can imagine that her calm and peaceful demeanor would be amazing during the birthing process. She is someone who I would trust to be on my team and in the room during birth for sure-also this is random but she has the most peaceful voice!xoxo, Kait 


Courtney Mandracchia4/10/2019Making Rosie an integral part of our baby's delivery was a fantastic experience! After my first all-natural delivery, I thought I knew all I needed to know for birth #2. Still, Rosie met with us and helped us plan out the delivery. During labor, she helped me keep my "eyes on the prize" and work with the contractions instead of against them. Her companionship, advocacy and support were invaluable!  Afterward, she sent us a beautiful narrative of our birth experience - something I never would have had the time to write.  Rosie was also a huge help as we adjusted to life with "two under 2." I would heartily recommend Rosie to all expectant moms!


jade cunningham9/2/2018Rosalia was truly a blessing to myself and family before, during, and after the birth of my daughter. Rosie and I made a detailed birth plan, covering everything from pain management to vaccinations. We found what was right for myself and my baby. Unfortunately, the plan completely changed when I had to have an emergency induction at 37 weeks. When I let Rosie know the plan had changed and I was having my baby that day, she dropped everything and came right to the hospital and didn’t leave my side until after the birth. When Rosie arrived at the hospital, we drew up a new birth plan and she did everything possible to help me achieve it. She was my voice when I could not communicate for myself. I would not have had a happy and safe labor, delivery, and postpartum experience if it was not for Rosalia Tisch!