DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
4 CERTIFICATIONS
10 TESTIMONIALS

Stephanie Swasey

Your Doula Solutions

Marlton, NJ  Service range 40 miles

856-214-2830

https://www.yourdoulasolutions.com/

Birth Fee

Not specified

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

CONTACT STEPHANIE VIEW STEPHANIE'S AVAILABILITY

Meghan Rich7/20/2023Stephanie was a wonderful doula through our entire prenatal, birth and postpartum journey. She provided many resources to help us make evidence informed decisions regarding our birth plan. She checked in routinely and was our champion in labor and delivery- for example advocating for the cord to be attached longer per my wishes and checking in about my comfort with the lighting for example. Just overall being so thorough with the details needed that make a huge difference in having the birth you desire. I am so happy to have Stephanie as part of our birth story  


Tova Greenblum3/17/2023Stephanie was amazing!!!


Lauren Wiese3/5/2023Stephanie was such a joy to have with us on my birthing team! From the very beginning, she was prompt, polite, professional, supportive, and reassuring. I am a little type-A and Stephanie was always on time (usually early!) for our meetings, and didn’t bat an eye when my husband had to join remotely.She is a wealth of knowledge and sent us tons of research articles, which we really appreciated being more scientifically driven ourselves! Her calmness during labor and birth was such a welcomed relief in what felt like chaos.Stephanie checked in regularly in the months leading up to birth and visited post-partum as well to check in on me and the baby. It was so nice to recap the birth experience and have an open ear to discuss any and all concerns.Stephanie also took some great pictures during the birth - it was never something I thought I would want but when she asked in the delivery room, I said yes and am so glad we have those pictures to remember the memories and emotions of the experience!Can’t recommend her enough!!


Sarah D8/22/2022I honestly cannot say enough good things about Stephanie. She is AMAZING. In my opinion, she is a MUST-HAVE on your birth team no matter how you plan to give birth. She is intelligent and professional, a wealth of information and resources, and yet also somehow has the most calming and reassuring presence. She never pushed me to do anything I didn't want to do but instead helped me advocate for myself and ask the questions I never even thought to ask my care team. She made sure I knew that I could call or text her any hour of the day especially in those last weeks of pregnancy. She never became flustered even when, for example, I accidentally did not clearly communicate which hospital I was at and I sent her to the wrong place! She jumped back in her car and was there within what felt like minutes and never once made me feel bad about making such a big mistake.  She also was such an important resource postpartum and was literally the only person to check in regularly and offer support. My husband and I didn't hear a peep from anyone else on my birth team.  I only wish I had met Steph sooner so I could have hired her as my doula for my first birth. We absolutely love her and were honored to have her as our doula.  She became a little part of our family and truly feel that she went above and beyond for us.


Ron DiPrimio7/8/2022Stephanie went above and beyond for my wife during her pregnancy. She was always available for any questions my wife may have had leading up to her due date. Stephanie was always prepared and knowledgeable. No matter our need, Stephanie was there for us. Even after our baby was born, Stephanie was there for us if we had any questions. Our overall experience was more than we could have hoped for and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Stephanie to anyone searching for the perfect doula. 


Brittani Bailey3/30/2022Stephanie was exactly what my husband and I were looking for in a doula. She was knowledgeable and made us feel well prepared for delivery. She went above and beyond to get us information and resources. When it came time for delivery she was a strong advocate for us. She made sure we understood what was happening and that the doctors respected our wishes. I would highly recommend this service.


Caitlyn R.8/15/2021Stephanie was an absolute pleasure to work with.  Her knowlege and experience helped me to feel more confident in my birth and postpartum journey.  She worked well with my husband to help me manage my contractions.  Things got crazy when I realized I had waited to long to go to the hospital.  It was an extremely fast labor and her cool head kept me grounded while I faced the posibilty of delivering this baby unmedicated (not my intentions at all, but happy it worked out that way). She was incredible; I wouldn't chose anyone else to catch my puke!


Jazmine Torres7/22/2021Your Stephanie was amazing! Stephanie was professional and personable. She did not speak for us at the hospital but ensured we understood what doctors were telling us and ensured that our wishes were being met. We requested informed consent and even when we would forget to mentioned to a new doctor and/or Stephanie would remind everyone that my self and my husband were requesting informed consent for everything. Stephanie was supportive and continued to ask if we needed anything (such as water). When it came time to family time, she asked if we wanted our privacy with our newborns. Prior to the birth, Stephanie was always available via text/phone call and responded in a timely manner. We requested for her to be at the hospital with us and when we gave her the call that we were going to the hospital, she was there within 45 mins.I have already recommended Stephanie to other individuals because the experience was just amazing. After delivery, Stephanie provided emotional support and informed my husband of the cues to look out for with respect to post partum. Stephanie was not only a support for me, but for my husband as well. Definitely using her services for any future children.


Jazmine Torres7/22/2021Your Stephanie was amazing! Stephanie was professional and personable. She did not speak for us at the hospital but ensured we understood what doctors were telling us and ensured that our wishes were being met. We requested informed consent and even when we would forget to mentioned to a new doctor and/or Stephanie would remind everyone that my self and my husband were requesting informed consent for everything. Stephanie was supportive and continued to ask if we needed anything (such as water). When it came time to family time, she asked if we wanted our privacy with our newborns. Prior to the birth, Stephanie was always available via text/phone call and responded in a timely manner. We requested for her to be at the hospital with us and when we gave her the call that we were going to the hospital, she was there within 45 mins.I have already recommended Stephanie to other individuals because the experience was just amazing. After delivery, Stephanie provided emotional support and informed my husband of the cues to look out for with respect to post partum. Stephanie was not only a support for me, but for my husband as well. Definitely using her services for any future children.


Samantha Smith5/20/2021The best decision we made to prepare for the birth of our baby and the postpartum period was hiring Stephanie from Your Doula Solutions.  Stephanie has been our doula for all three births of our children!! She is extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and kind, and prompt to respond to all our communication. The prenatal meetings made us feel prepared to welcome and care for our baby.Each time I had a long labor and a challenging delivery, and I don’t know what I would’ve done without her by my side. During the births, Stephanie was right there to offer support and advice when I needed it and was a source of comfort and inspiration when I felt like I couldn’t keep going.She also helped my husband feel comfortable with what was happening. She knew just how to rub my back and what to say, which seemed like a miracle at the time. She helped keep the atmosphere calm, nurturing, and supportive, and I highly recommend the experience to anyone.Since we’ve brought our baby home, Stephanie has continued to support and help us adjust to life with our newest addition to the family this year. We love and unequivocally recommend her!