DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
44 TESTIMONIALS

Suzanne Kelly

Dream Doula Services

Colts Neck, NJ  Service range 25 miles

(732) 670-8242

http://www.dreamdoulaservices.com

Birth Fee

$2000

CONTACT SUZANNE VIEW SUZANNE'S AVAILABILITY

Kim10/20/2022Sue is an incredible doula, and if we had to do it over, we would choose her as our doula every time!As first time parents, my husband and I didn't know what to expect about the actual 'birth' part of pregnancy. A friend had told us about her positive experience working with a doula, and we thought it sounded like something that could be helpful. I wanted someone in addition to the busy doctors and nurses who understood the potential surprises of birth. From my husband’s perspective, while he could say loving things to me and hold my hand, he also wanted someone there who had experience with births to stand in our corner and support me.In comes Sue.  Starting with the first call, she was patient, kind and understanding. She struck the perfect balance of honoring our wishes but also talking through things we had never thought of before. During one of our first conversations, Sue asked us about what our hopes were for the birth. My husband and I realized how little we knew about the topic. Sue helped answer our questions, and we knew what things we wanted to look into further. We met again closer to my due date and discussed a birth plan which was very helpful. We were relieved to have Sue as a resource for us throughout the pregnancy.Then came the big day! Sue was so knowledgeable and attentive. She educated us at every turn and addressed any concerns and questions we had. She was a calming force not only for me, but for my husband. When we talk about that day, we always say how great it was to have Sue there and how much she contributed to it being a positive experience. Sue also made us a commemorative video of the day. It is so special, and the first time we watched it, it brought us to tears!I would recommend Sue to anyone looking for a doula. (We enjoyed working with her so much that she was a postpartum doula for us as well.) We couldn’t have imagined the experience without her!


Robyn Paulin10/25/2021It was initially my husband’s idea to add a doula to our care team, as he wanted to have someone else in the room to help guide him as he supported me. Sue met with us ahead of our due date and reviewed everything from early labor all the way through to the baby being born - we met with over the phone, virtually, and again in person. I checked in via text with Sue weekly after my OB appointments and then daily as my due date approached. Once she reached out to me to let me know that she was going to need to shut off her phone for an hour for a personal appointment and she checked in with me ahead of that to let me know just in case I needed her during that time.My plan was to birth naturally with no epidural unless the pain became unbearable. I ended up needing to be induced after passing my due date and I also took the epidural after being in labor for the day. After a very long day and night, my husband was able to sneak away to take a break from the intensity of the delivery room and Sue stayed with me in case I needed anything. We were heading toward the doctor encouraging us to have a C-section and Sue was there for us to explain all of the options and implications of waiting it out or going for the C section. Sue manipulated me into different positions (I was fully numb and unable to do it myself) and helped to coax my dilation to the full 10 cm at the very last minute. She had suggested that we wait 30 more minutes (we agreed) and the doctor said that she would check in on us after 30 minutes. Low and behold we were able to deliver vaginally. I feel that if Sue was not there coaching us along, we would have ended up with the C-section and I would have had a much longer recovery.What was most valuable was that Sue didn’t make decisions for us, but she explained all sides of a decision and helped us come to what we felt was best for ourselves and the baby.


Katie Festa5/23/2021I am so happy we hired Sue as our doula for the birth of our first baby. From the very beginning, I felt more at ease and more confident knowing she was there to help us each step of the way. Sue made herself available and was very responsive to all of my questions and concerns during the weeks leading up to the birth of our daughter. During labor and delivery, she was so attentive, encouraging and calming. She gave me many strategies and tips to cope with the pain and invovled my husband throughout the whole process. I am so glad we made the decision to hire Sue as our doula. We had a positive experience because of her involvement.


Matt5/14/2021I am so glad we enlisted in Sue as a doula for my wife. As the husband in this situation, I had some hesitation about working with a doula and having an outside presence be involved with the birth of our first child (especially someone who would serve as a third person in the delivery room), but I am glad we chose Sue.She involved me in conversations and decisions both in and out of the delivery room and what I appreciated the most was how she put my wife at ease during delivery day, which then put me at ease as well. I thought I was ready to be my wife's "rock" during the labor process, and perhaps I very well could have been, but having Sue by our side was such a relief and something I truly appreciated as a husband, because my number one goal throughout the entire pregnancy and labor process was to make sure my wife was taken care of as best as possible and Sue was a big reason for the postive experience we had throughout the pregnancy.She actively coached my wife on getting through labor while involving me in that process as well. Ultimately, I realized that even though it was my wife's idea to look into doulas, working with Sue turned out to be just as important to me as it was to my wife because of the knowledge, tools, care, and guidance she provided in order to have a happy, safe, and successful birth.


Nicole Logrippo4/22/2021I cannot say enough good things about Suzanne! Afrer reading many reviews/interviewing my husband & I knew Sue was the perfect fit for us. She was extremely responsive & always quickly got back to me w/ any questions. At 28 wks we found out my baby was breech.Sue comforted me telling me he would likely flip! As wks went on,we saw he was not moving.Sue, always thinking of options, referred me to amazing chiro extremely proficient in Webster technique. I went to him regularly, in addit to trying a version procedure. When this didn’t work, & clock was ticking, Sue referred me to another amazing doctor who's been extremely successful w/ versions in the area. B/c this Dr is so talented, he is in very high demand. Sue, was quickly able to get me an apt w/ him & I was able to see him ASAP. At 38 wks, he performed another version to try to flip. Unfortunately, it was unsuccessful but I was absolutely sure at that point that we had done everything we could do. I was so touched that Sue,had truly cared so much about my wish to have a vaginal brith, she went above & beyond for me to get those coveted apts. Sue came over to my house the night before c-section to go over the actual procedure & steps that would be taken. I never had surgery before/gotten anesthesia so was extremely thankful that she walked me through the steps, to know exactly what to expect. She explained the importance of immediate skintoskin even if he was up by my cheek as they sewed me up, & also breastfeeding ASAP. B/c of all her guidance & advice, I had an amazing birth experience !!! I had a playlist on in operating room, was able to do immediate skintoskin, & BF him within the first hour. I am forever grateful to Sue for all she has done for me & my family & cannot say enough good things about the kind, compassionate and knowledgeable person she is. She absolutely loves what she does and that shines through. 


Hanna L11/20/2020Sue helped my wife give birth to our daughter, but she also helped me to be a supportive partner during the entire labor process. I was so grateful that at 2:30 AM, when I was trying to help my wife through labor, and she was saying things like, "I'm not sure I can do this," that we could call Sue and she was at our house within 30 minutes and stayed with us until after our daughter was born. She was a calming, experienced voice to listen to during all 19 hours of my wife's labor. I highly recommend including Sue in your birth plans. We could not have had the natural childbirth my wife envisioned without her. She was also very helpful after birth. She gave both of us support and encouragement and connected us with postpartum doulas.


Paige H9/16/2020Sue is the most amazing doula! My wife and I are so grateful that she was there for the birth of our daughter. Sue is kind, engaged, creative, and respectful of you and your birth goals while still being flexible when things don’t go as planned. I can say with 100% certainty that Sue was absolutely the reason we were able to have the birth experience we imagined. Both my wife and I felt comfortable and cared for in the midst of an extremely difficult and emotional experience!Another thing that sets Sue apart is how she goes above and beyond to support you before and after the baby is born. She checks in regularly, has great ideas, and always goes the extra mile to support-- Even passing along other resources if you have a need that falls outside her scope. If you are on the fence about wanting a doula, definitely give Sue a call: It will be worth it!


Ashley Macchiaverna9/8/2020If you are on the fence about needing a doula, you do, and it should be Sue! Nearing the end of my pregnancy with Covid restrictions in place, I was getting anxious about the state of hospitals, not having our families there etc. My husband called Sue immediately after hearing doulas were allowed back in hospitals (only a few days before I was due, but she made it work!) and it was the best baby related decision we made. Her support, pain relief techniques and her overall calm presence made me feel in control and completely safe. I was hoping for a natural birth and it happened undoubtedly because of her guidance through the labor process. She also took great photos we would have missed and made them into a short video. It took us right back to the moment. We are so grateful for Sue and will be using her again when the time comes!


Tiffany Niebuhr9/3/2020No words can express how essential Sue Kelly was to the birth of our daughter. She provided a calm atmosphere full of love and care. She truly, truly cares about her clients. I couldn't not have had the beautiful experience I did without her by our side. She was able to help in ways that allowed my husband to be more present. She was so attentive and educated, calming any fear that I had in such a unpredictable situation. While being present, she was still able to capture beautiful photos that we will cherish forever. I can't stress enough how necessary Sue Kelly is for your birth experience !! 


Ishwarya10/9/2019Sue Kelly was excellent! I got introduced to her only before a few days I went into labour. She is incredibly good at what she does. She is  is warm, caring and patient.  I had a very long labour and with Sue on my side,  my labor and birth experience was a very postiive one. She taught me different exercises that would help the labour progress. I can't  say enough good things about her. I highly recommend her to all my friends. I had a vbac and could not have done it without her !!! 


Theresa Koszulinski9/23/2019Hiring Suzanne as my doula the best decision I made during my pregnancy! Initially, I wasn’t sure what a doula was or if I wanted one but some of my friends at work really suggested I get one. After meeting with Suzanne my husband and I decided she was the doula for us. She was kind, easy to talk to, non-judgmental and supportive. Suzanne made my birthing experience and I could not have done it without her. During labor, when issues and questions came up she always knew what to do, and because of that she made me feel much more calm (in a not so calm situation). She coached me on how to push the baby (and I was able to push the baby out in just 3 pushes), she guided my husband and I on how to alleviate the pain of the contractions, and she helped me to understand what the doctors and nurses were saying and make informed decisions. Aside from the labor, Suzanne was there for me during the pregnancy and postpartum. She was always able to answer my many questions again making me feel much more ease. I HIGHLY recommend hiring Suzanne as your doula (even if you are on the fence on if you even want a doula like I was). She truly allowed me to enjoy my pregnancy and birthing experience, and she exceeded all of my expectations!


Courtney4/27/2019Best decision we made regarding our first baby was hiring Sue! I started to get so anxious as I approached the 3rd trimester, I knew I needed some more guidance and support.  We met with Sue a couple times before the birth and she explained everything on what to expect during labor and delivery; including handouts, booklets and visuals.  She helped us write up a birth plan and make educated decisions on what to include.  My labor did not progress as I had hoped; and once in the hospital we were faced with big decisions on how to proceed.  Sue helped us ask the appropriate questions to determine the right outcome for us.  When you're overwhelmed and delirious after a weekend of early labor; Sue will be your advocate! She is by your side the entire time and makes sure you understand everything going on/ explains all the medical terms used by the nurses and docs! She was just the best :-). I felt at ease and comfortable with everything that day and having Sue definitely made for such a positive birth experience. 


Lav4/12/2019It’s been long due providing this testimonial and I’m glad to finally get to this. My husband and I took a birthing class and soon realized it would be good to have a doula with us during labour as it was our first baby and had no idea as to what to expect. Sue’s name was one of the first names that came up in our search. I contacted her and she was very quick to respond. We talked on phone and realized we both lived in the same community within walking distance. My husband and I met her at our home and we felt comfortable to have her as our doula. Sue answered all our questions patiently and also explained what to expect. She is so warm and kind and she messaged/ called various times to check in to see how I was doing. When I had concerns about the obstetrician I was seeing, she recommended Dr.G and also talked to the doctor directly to get us an immediate consultation with him when I could not get an appointment, I changed my obstetrician at 33 weeks. At 37.5 weeks, my water broke and I called Sue around 10pm. She calmed me down, guided me as to what to do and monitor. She came home early in the morning to visit us in person and then we all went to the hospital. She was there with us through the labor process in the hospital and explained each intervention as nothing went as we planned and wanted to. It was really comforting to have her and assure us that it was ok. She is very friendly with all the nurses. She sat by my side and husband during c-section. After our baby was born, she kept in constant touch checking to make sure we were ok. She also created a beautiful video with pictures from the hospital along with my favorite song to it, such a beautiful memory to have.  She also made an impromptu visit with her lovely mom and beautiful grand daughter to check in on our son. I would highly recommend to have her as your doula. 


Elizabeth L1/25/2019Choosing to have a doula for my birth was one of the best decisions my family has made.  She was very knowledgeable, and put any anxiety before the birth to rest.  Having her there for me during my delivery was wonderful--I was never alone, she knew exactly what to do to help me get through contractions, and I truly believe her support made the birth of my daughter go smoothly.  We will definitely have her again for our next baby!


Michelle Anderson9/28/2018I would highly recommend Sue for anyone looking for a doula. Sue is caring, patient, and has a great personality. The very first moment I met Sue I knew I was in good hands. She always explained everything with such compassion and was always there for me when I needed her. Being pregnant is very stressful at times. Sue always knew what to say and do to alleviate my stress. Throughout my labor Sue created a calming and stress free environment. I had a natural child birth because of Sue. I truly feel in my heart without Sue I would have defiantly opted for pain medicine. My birth experience was everything I had wanted it to be. If my husband and I are blessed with another pregnancy we will defiantly be contacting Sue. My husband I cannot thank Sue enough for everything she has done.


Andraya Puglio Santos9/26/2018There aren't enough wonderful things I can say about Sue that would capture what an important part of this journey she was. The day we had our son was by far the most amazing and important day of our lives and having Sue there to support and guide us meant so much. From the moment we took Sue on as our Doula, my husband and I felt so much more comfortable about the months and weeks ahead of us. Sue was always available, every text was responded to shortly, usually with a phone call rather then a written response. It was beyond helpful and reassuring knowing we had someone on "our side", someone who had our best interest, and someone with such great knowledge about pregnancy and birth, considering this was our very first time being pregnant. Sue was constantly checking in on us, asking how I felt both mentally and physically.Our son was 10 days late and I decided to get induced. The day before the induction, I was a mix of so many emotions knowing that the next day our lives would change forever. Sue and I talked for a while the night before the induction, when we hung up, I couldn't have been more relieved knowing that she would be waiting for us at the hospital early the next morning. I had known all along we made the best decision by using Sue as our Doula but in that moment, I was certain we couldn't have chosen anyone better.Arriving at the hospital and seeing Sue's smiling face truly put my husband and I at such peace. Sue was by our side the entire day, coaching us both, keeping us relaxed, educating us on anything we had questions on, and being our support system. She was there for us every step of the way and we are so thankful for all she has done for us. But Sue's communication didn't stop after the birth of our son, she continues to check in from time to time to see how we are all doing.Hiring Sue as our Doula was the best decision we made & she will always hold a very special place in our hearts.


beckyattalla9/25/2018Suzanne is fantastic at what she does! She’s reliable, calming and knowledgeable about every aspect of birth. She met all my pregnancy concerns with compassion and always helped calm my nerves. When I was in labor she did my hair so it was out of my face and even gave me a massage to help my migraine. She was a major part of my positive birth experience and my husband and I will use her again. She comes at my highest recommendation.


Christine Sullivan2/4/2018Sue is incredible! From the start, her presence and knowledge helped put my husband and I at ease as we planned (at the last minute) for a natural birth for our second child. Sue helped me put together a birth plan that reflected my wishes, but was also streamlined to include only that information that was neccessary. She helped me understand what exactly I needed to request (and what I really wanted) and what she would be able to coach me with during and after delivery. In the end, however, my labor went unexpectedly quick, leading to Sue taking charge in the safe delivery of my son at home. While this was unplanned, Sue was in control of the situation and helped me to keep calm and focused through the most intense points of labor and delivery. I truly don't know what I would have done without her! Whether you are considering a natural birth or planning on an epidural (I've done both now), I couldn't recommend Sue more highly. She is an outstanding coach and utmost professional, but has the warmth and ability to comfort of an old friend. If a number 3 is in the cards, I would hope Sue could be there again!


COURTENAY NAPOLI9/12/2017Suzanne was amazing!  I would hire her again if we ever have another child.  I could not have done this without her help.  She was very calming and easy to talk too.  It was our first baby, and I really did not want to take any drugs and I wanted to have the most natural birth possible.  Suzanne helped me through all of that.  I delivered a very healthy baby girl on June 20th.  Suzanne was there for me as soon as I started feeling different.....and I realized it could be something happening and I would be going into labor.  As I labored at home, Sue was texting and calling me to see how I was feeling.  I recall going for a walk around the block in my neighborhood and she called me to see how I felt, several times.  As the contractions grew stronger, she advised me on what to do - see the Dr, breathe, don't think about the next contraction and so on.  She met my husband and I at the hospital.  I labored in her birthing tub which helped distract me.  She made everything as calming as possible.  She even kept in touch with me after my baby was born.  She came to my house, texted me to see how I was doing, etc.  She was a very good resource to have as a new mom.  I needed a lactation consultant and she knew of one which helped me get up to speed on breast feeding which was very important to me.  She also told me about a group that meets each week locally in my town for new moms who are breast feeding which I go to weekly now.  I am so thankful to have found her/met her.  If I am ever so lucky to get the opportunity to do this again, I'd go right back to Sue.  Great person, very knowledgeable, kind, calming, and was always there when I needed her.


Marika Skala8/28/2017I was thinking about having a doula for a support during this BIG DAY of my life. My husband was not sure, that I need one, but after the labor he agreed with me, that it was a good idea.  Not everything went according  to my 'birth plan' (basically nothing), but she was always very supportive and at the end I am happy with the way the labor went and enjoying my beautiful and healthy  baby girl. I believe every woman should have a supportive person that knows what is happening and can be an advocate and a voice of a woman in labor. Doctor and nurses cannot be with you the entire time. It's good that somebody would be. For us it was Sue Kelly. Susanne Kelly was recommended to me and I'm glad she was there with us and for us. I would choose her again.


Michelle Belluardo8/22/2017So, this is way overdue!  I can not even express how supportive and amazing Sue was during my pregnancy.  She was available to me every minute of every day.  She sat with me and talked over my concerns.  Then when my daughter was ready to pop she was there waiting for me at the hospital at 2:30am.  She really was my rock.  We were at Monmouth Hospital and had a lovely birthing room that was set up to have a little pool in it and she set it up.  It was very helpful in assisting with the contractions.  I don't remember how long I was in there for but she sat there talking and breathing with me.  I was in labor for about 13 hours and she left for maybe a minute throughout.  We walked the halls together, she held my hand as I bounced on the ball, and the shower was really helpful with the pain as well.  With her help, I made it to 7 centimeters without the epidural but then I gave in and got he shot.  That was my goal. I wanted to go as far as possible without the shot and she asked me if I was sure, a few times, because I asked her to get reassurance from myself.  In the end, I wound up having a c-section and again she was talking to me throughout.  My body was trembling from exhaustion & the epidural so I was feeling a bit unsure and nervous.  She guided me through and in the end my little Ella was out and safe!  I really don't know what I would have done without Sue.  I am a single mother & knew I wanted someone other than a family member for this process.  She was a bit of magic presented to me in the form of an amazing, kind, caring, sweet, loving, & calm person.  I wouldn't of had it any other way!!


Theodora Petrovsky8/5/2017What can I say about Suzanne? Words cannot begin to describe my experience with her! She was a mother, sister, & best friend all rolled into one! I didn't know what to expect in terms of labor & delivery, since this was my first pregnancy. I was referred to her by my sister-in-law, who had hired Suzanne for her own pregnancy. She gave rave reviews for Suzanne, and simply said, "I loved her". I visited her website, and she contacted me immediately. We spoke on the phone, & then met in person. She struck me as someone that was compassionate & understanding, as well as very positive & easy going. She was available via text, email, & phone calll whenever I needed her. I also attended a childbrith class that she taught (excellent, of course!). I ended up going into labor 2 weeks before my due date. I began having contractions during the night, and it was so comforting to know that I could call Suzanne and she would be there for me. We talked and texted through the night & into the early morning, while I coped with the contractions using the techniques that she taught me. When my husband & I (finally) decided to head to the hospital, Suzanne was standing at the hospital entrance waiting for us! While in the labor & delivery room, she used various techniques to help me achieve my goal of an unmedicated birth: slow, controlled breathing; squats; aromatherapy; relaxing music; walking, etc. Suzanne completely supported my choice to not have an epidural or any other medication. After my daughter was delivered, Suzanne: got me lunch; combed & braided my hair; helped me brush my teeth; and she texted my family & friends. She also took great photos of the delivery and afterwards. Even after childbirth was over, she would continue to call and/or text me to see how the baby and I were doing. She also visited us once we were home. Without any hesitation, I will hire Suzanne to be my doula for any future pregnancies!


Shannon Taynor6/28/2017We had the pleasure of using Sue as our doula in our birth 2 days ago. Working with a doula in general offers so much peace and comfort during pregnancy, preparing for labor and the whole birth. And Sue was exceptional! She heard my wants and fears, answered all my questions,  and supported me any way she could.  Both my husband and I had a beautiful birth experience with her. Even the hospital staff and my midwife commented on how  great she was to work with. I would highly recommend her services if you want to feel empowered during your childbirth.


Sarah Zeffren1/30/2017Suzanne inspired confidence at one of the most nerve wrecking (albeit exciting) times of our lives. From our initial meeting, suzanne quieted our fears and answered our questions and concerns with patience and kindness. She was available to answer our call from that moment on.  Suzanne was physically with us from the beginning of labor, until the baby arrived and beyond. The process was beautiful and tranquil and even fun because Suzanne made us feel calm, informed and cared for. She made it possible for me to nurse my baby almost immediately after birth and followed up with me for a long while after the baby was born. Even today, 6 months after our baby boy came into the world, I am in contact with Suzanne and feel like she genuinely cares about our family's  well-being.


Kaupo Künnapää10/2/2016Our first daughter was born on May 26th 2016. Prior to her birth we did our best to educate ourselves so we would know what to expect (Read a birth book, took childbirth classes and a tour of the hospital's department where it would happen). Having all of that knowledge was very helpful but felt much like studying for your first exam, armed with alot of knowledge, but never having gone through this experience not knowing what to expect. As we all know practice makes perfect. Thankfully we had the help of Sue to consult with before, during and after birth. With all the information in the world at your fingertips it's easy to get overwhelmed. Having Sue to talk to made navigating that info alot easier. Now all of that made preparing and heading to hospital easier. Once there Sue's help was in valuable. Just so we are all on the same page my wife and I were hoping for a natural birth experience without the use of an epidural. With Sue's help in when to use which comfort measure, change in positons and a chance for us to alternate between me and her helping my wife, I (we) couldn't have asked for a better birth experience. Having her there took away the pressure of having to know exactly what to do and instead gave me a chance to support my wife and enjoy being there. That took away most of the stress I would have been feeling because of all the firsts we were experiencing. She took care of timing the contractions, setting up a birth pool, we were lucky enough to have a birth room that could accommodate one. (The birth pool was a lifesaver and gave my wife a chance to rest and regroup when she thought she couldn’t go on.) I know I am starting to ramble a bit. Bottom line is that both me and my wife are more happy than the 2000 characters we are allowed to use here can express. We feel very blessed to have had her with us for the birth of our daughter. Thank you again Sue it was a pleasure.


Francine Mattis6/23/2016I highly recommend Sue Kelly and cannot say enough wonderful things about her. She was our doula for the birth of both of our sons; and I strongly believe that it would not have been possible to have the birth experience I wanted without her.Sue is so knowledgeable and was a great resource throughout the entire experience. She was always available to talk to me, and eased my fears over any concerns I had.During the delivery, Sue was able to keep me focused and had great pain management techniques that helped tremendously. She also worked so well with the hospital staff. After the birth of both of our sons, the staff had the best things to say about Sue. The nurses and doctors were very impressed, and even learned some new things from her!I am most thankful for the amount of support Sue gave me during labor. There were many times that I felt I could not do it and Sue reminded me every time that I was doing it, and really gave me the confidence that I needed.Sue was also a great resource for my husband and helped guide him when he was feeling overwhelmed.If you are looking to hire a doula, do not think twice about hiring Sue. She is the absolute BEST and you will not be disappointed! I will forever be grateful that Sue was present on the two most important days of my life.


gil lieblich6/14/2016I have tried a few times to write a review but it never seems to capture my true feelings. So first let me be completely honest, I was skeptical about getting a Doula. It seemed like a big step allowing a stranger to be involved in what seemed like such a personal and intimate moment. But beyond that, we had our midwives and nurses, and I felt so many people do this why can't we. Well with in hours of plans getting derailed and things became chaotic it was clear having a doula was the right decision.  Over the course of 2 days Sue became an invaluable member of the team and a part of my boys family. We couldn't of done it with out Sue. She was amazing and supportive and strong and knowledgeable. We are forever grateful for having Sue in our lives.


jessie schaer6/14/2016I had interviewed several doulas before meeting Sue and I am so glad I trusted my instincts. From the minute I met her I felt an instant bond and trust in her capability. Sue exudes warmth and a humble confidence. In every interaction with her there is genuine kindness and respect for her clients. She listened carefully in that initial interview and I knew she was truly invested in our wishes for our birth. I left the initial meeting with her knowing I needed her at my birth. The natural labor I planned ended up taking a complicated course, and Sue taught me the true meaning of adaptability; at every unexpected turn she stayed calm and guided my husband and I through, sticking to every detail of my birth plan as best as we could through some circumstances  we could not have foreseen. My husband and I do not know what we would have done without Sue by our sides. Sue was there in every moment and through every twist; advocating for us, guiding and coaching, giving us every opportunity we had asked for even when my husband and I found ourselves in very foreign territory. My husband and I say we would not have survived without her, and we truly mean it. Sue is the definition of professional but I now think of her as family. Giving birth- no matter how it happens- is private, intimate, beautiful and scary- and Sue is able to approach and embrace all of those elements with patience and grace. She will be the first call I make when my husband and I prepare for a second birth. Her support not only before and during birth has been exemplary but after as well; she has helped me process the details of that day in only the way she can, with genuine warmth and an open ear. She came to my son's Bris- I can't express how much that meant to us. There are not enough words to describe Sue's true nature. I feel so lucky that she was the one who was with us when we truly needed someone. Sue will always be a huge part of our lives and we are so blessed for that.


Lauren Furman1/14/2016I cannot say enough good things about Sue Kelly. I was the last of all of my friends to become pregnant and when my husband and I decided we wanted a natural birth everyone said I was crazy. Not knowing what to expect as this was my first, after much research I knew that I wanted help. Someone who could help keep me informed and confident leading up to the big day and focused and calm when the time finally came. Sue was all of this for me, above and beyond. From questions and false alarms the weeks before to helping me stay cool and collected when I woke her up at 2am when I knew it was ACTUALLY time. My husband is a worrier. Having Sue there so that his only job was to hold my hand and kiss my forehead kept him calm which in turn kept me calm. She helped me achieve everything I wanted my birth to be. No interventions and a perfectly healthy baby girl. She will, without doubt, be standing with us (God willing!) when it comes time for #2. I wouldn't have it any other way! THANK YOU from the bottom of our hearts.


Kristen Wells12/14/2014After an experience with my first child that was less than ideal, I knew I wanted to work with a doula the second time aroIns. Suzanne was the first and only doula I met with, as she put me as ease from our first conversation. She was so kind and knowlegable, I knew working with her would be an amazing experience. She was always available for me when i had any questions prior to delivery. When I went knot labor at home, she came to my home. The whole atmosphere changed once she arrived, as I felt more calm and focused with her there. She helped me get though early labor beautifully. Once at the hospital she  helped my husband and I through labor and delivery, and was fully supportive even when my plan changed. She was amazing! She even brushed my hair and put it up when it kept falling down. :)Sue followed up after the birth, and has felt like a friend. I wholeheartedly recommend her to anyone seeking a doula. If we decide we are crazy enough to have another little one i will absolutely be working with her again!


Janine Saragusa12/8/2014I knew I needed a Doula to help with my natural unmedicated childbirth this past June, but I didn't know exactly how much I needed one until I utlized the services of Sue.  She was always available to me prior to the birth whenever I needed to talk and she was with me and my husband throughout my long induction.  I made up my mind from the beginning that I would do whatever she told me to do, without question, regardless of how I felt.  I am so happy I did that because she suggested things I would never in a million years even consider or think I could do while in labor....but when I did them, my pain would become more manageable!  I have told many people, she is worth her weight in gold!  She's a genuinely compassionate, smart and sensitive person who was such an immense help to me through the most painful and vulnerable experience of my life.  I would without hesitation tell anyone to get a Doula, but also to make sure they are as knowledgeable and compassionate as Sue Kelly!


Diana Russ8/10/2014Our little girl was born happy and healthy this past July. We can't think Suzanne Kelly enough for her sweet demeanor, guidance, and patience during pregnancy, delivery, and postpartum. We originally met Sue during a birthing class. Her approach to the whole birthing experience really opened our eyes to the natural miracle that it is. We met with her and decided that having her be part of our birthing experience was very important to us. You can tell she truly cares about all of the clients she works with and has a true passion for bringing babies into the world and caring for mothers and their husbands. Our labor experience ended up being 45 hours long, and Sue supported us the entire time... from positioning the mother in comfortable ways, providing elements to keep the room peaceful, picking up coffee for the dad, and making sure all questions and worries were attended to...she was there. We feel extremely grateful to have had as our Doula for our first baby. We would highly recommend her to anyone who is interested in a Doula as she really is top-notch! We look forward to using her again in our future!


Dena K6/24/2014As a first time mom, labor and delivery is filled with anxiety. Suzanne was a calming force amidst all the questions, pain, and anxieties.there is no doubt in both mine and my husbands minds that my l&d was made possible because of working with Suzanne. I didnt have one contraction without her being by my side, calming me, applying acupressure, or doing anything to redirect me from the pain. Working with Suzanne was a phenomenal experience and I owe my natural birth all to her.she knew what to anticipate, how to handle every situation, and how to keep me moving to minimize my pains. I couldn't imagine having another child without her being by my side. She has my highest recommendation and is a fountain of information for any mom pre, during, and post labor.


Angela Chan6/23/2014Suzanne is an amazing doula! My husband and I met Suzanne during a birth class at our local hospital. We did not plan to have a doula at the time. Impressed by Suzanne's knowldge and passion as a doula, we decided to have her support for the birth of our first baby.The birth was a long one. It started from 5pm till 10:55pm the next day. Suzanne not only bring all essential gears such as a birth ball, aroma and music, but also provide strong physical and emotional support throughout the entire birth. Although thr birth needed up with a c-session, both my husband and I were so glad that we had Suzanne with us for this special moment in our lives.we will recommend Suzanne to anyone who needs doula service. Thank you, Suzanne!Angela and Daniel


Jackie Lee6/3/2014Suzanne Kelly is an angel on earth. She truly saved the birth of my son. My circumstance was not traditional nor planned.  Her amazingly calm, supportive, and compassionate attitude never once faltered, before, during, or after the birth of my son. She kept me focused in the darkest moments and comforted me by attentive words of strength. She also used various techniques masterfully directing every aspect of my labor. She never skipped a beat, keeping on point with every detail no matter big or small. She empowered me to give birth with confidence, leading me down a path without fear.Futhermore, she is highly respected in her field and by medical professionals who work around her. Suzanne has the incredible ability to completely transform an entire circumstance from negative to positive. She is undeniably the person you want by your side when bringing your precious child into this world. Especially, when times get trying. She believed in me when I did not believe in myself. Above all, I truly experienced my dream birth, something I never thought I could achieve. I trusted her with my life but most of all my sons and i would do it again any day. Hiring Suzanne Kelly would be one of the best life decisions you could make. Don't let the opportunity pass you by!


carolina monroy4/10/2014Our experience with Sue was amazing. Being our first baby we wanted to be well informed about our choices during delivery. Sue is very informative and always willing to chat about any questions or concerns. During labor Sue was by our side the entire time. She went above and beyond to make us comfortable. I couldn't imagine going through labor without Sue helping us. I would recommend Sue and I hope to use her as our Doula again!


Rob Dugo2/4/2014There are truly no words that could describe what an incredible experience my husband and I had with Sue. We had never thought of having a doula, but after having a tough time with my first delivery, we decided it was a good idea. Right from the start Sue was there for us making sure we understood exactly what a doula was and did. We had a meeting with her to discuss what I did and did not want during my labor. Part of that was my wish to not receive an epidural. I happened to be a week late and we knew Sue was away visiting her daughter that weekend, but when I woke up that morning with contractions 4 minutes apart my husband called her. She quickly calmed us down and started her 4 hour journey home, texting and calling us the whole time. We got to the hospital, only to find out I was 8cm dialated all ready, we figured that Sue would not get to us on time...but she did! As soon as she got there I felt relief! She has such a calming way about her and began making me as comfortable as possible. There were plenty of times I thought I wasn't going to be able to it, ready to give up, throw in the towel, and get the epidural (which Sue had previously told me I would say that to her), but she looked into my eyes and told me I could do this and I did! Sue gave me the strength to keep going when I wanted to give up. After the baby was born Sue made sure all of my wishes were honored, I was able to breastfeed skin-to-skin quickly among other things! She stayed by our sides well after my son was born and to this day, 3 months later, we continue to stay in touch. Sue is truly an amazing doula and person. She made the memory of that day such a beautiful one! I will never be able to thank her for what she did for us that and if I ever have another baby you better believe we will have Sue there!


Marissa Adessa Alberti1/29/2014When i look back on my experience of giving birth to my son this past October it reminds me of one of the most beautiful moments of my life and one that was incredibly difficult that I would never of made it through without Sue Kelly.  My labor as many happen in a way that was completely unexpected and went on for 34 hours.  Sue was by my side the entire time.  She comforted my ever fear and made me believe that everything was okay and most importantly when I was in terrible labor pains that went on for over 16 hours she was right there, never leaving me alone.  She walked the hallways of the hospital for hours with me, repositioned me to get me into more comfortable positions to help me deal with the pain.  She did whatever she could to make sure that I felt comfortable, not affraid and especially not alone.  Her gentle and loving demeaner was such a huge role in making the birth of my son the most special moment in my life.  I would HIGHLY recommend her.


Amanda Fabiano8/25/2013Sue was absolutely amazing! She was instrumental in helping myself and my husband achieve our dream birth. Sue provided us with the support and encouragement that we needed in order to achieve a natural birth, standing by our side over the course of two days! Sue was knowledgable about what I needed to do in order to hep my labor progress and help it progress as comfortably as possible. She suggested various positions and activities that helped me throughout the process, also stepping in with massages and utilization of pressure points when needed. I swear that her knowledge helped me avoid what was looking to be a painful back labor! Sue's birth tub was also a Godsend. The minute that I stepped into the tub I felt great relief, so much so that I decided to change my water labor plan into a water birth plan. Sue helped me follow my birth plan (somehow I was not hearing the doctor's questions so well that day!) and helped keep my husband calm and available to be an amazing birth partner at the same time. My husband asked Sue questions (unbeknowst to me at the time) throughout the labor process and her answers helped him remain collected, focusing on supporting me without having to be "the coach". My husband and I have said to ourselves numerous times how we do not know how we could have achieved a natural childbirth without Sue and her support. She was there for us from the minute my labor began to my first breastfeeding lesson and beyond. I would definitely recommend Sue to anyone who is looking for a great doula!


Becky Guidry8/23/2013I knew I had to have a doula in order to get through this unmedicated birth I was planning...  My first baby.  What was I thinking??  In the week prior to my son's birth, Sue kept close tabs on me, texting me daily and making sure all was ok.  My water broke at 1am, so I called Sue right away.  She met me at the hospital in triage. Even there it was a relief to have her there.  She helped me make important decisions that others were trying to presuade me to do against my wishes.  Once in the birth room, I was still not in labor (of course they started pit).  Sue helped me relax with an amazing foot massage while I told my husband to take a nap.  A massage?!  As I labored, Sue was right next to me every step of the way.  Helping me to the bathroom.  Making sure I was confortable.  Teaching my husband different ways to hold me and help me.  As the labor intensified, she helped me get into different positions to ease the pain a little and help me get through it.  I told her a few times that I didn't know if I could do it.  She gave me her pep talk and I knew I was OK.   Then of course transition hits.  Holy crap.  There I am, on my knees leaning over the bed, with my controlled vocalizations (that Sue helped me keep at a normal level and relaxed).  Sue begins counter pressure on my hips and heating pads on my lower back until I started sweating and made her stop. Haha.  She had my husband putting ice water on my face and head.  She gave me "insider tips" that I am forever grateful for.  She held my leg as I pushed and kept me motivated.  I survived, with pit and no epidural. She stayed with us until our family was allowed in.  Then she came to our house about a week later to check on us and see our amazing baby boy.  Could I have done it without her?  Thankfully I never have to know that.  I'm so grateful she was there.


Randi Mitchell7/26/2013Suzzane was amazing! She came over two days before I was to be induced, as it was a very last minute decision for us. My husband and I really had only wanted it to be him and I for the delivery. She was friendly, informative, and put no pressure on my husband and I to use her. She suggested a few ways to try to help me go into labor naturally as I was already a week late. As soon as she left our house we knew we wanted her there for the birth.I was under the impression doulas were only for all natural births, but Suzzane was completely supportive of my decision to be induced and to get an epidural. She was truly there for ME! Once I was in labor I had horrible lower back pain. Suzzane encouraged me to get up walk and walk around and massaged by back while sitting on a medicine ball. What a relief it was to my pain! As soon as I stood up from the medicine ball my water broke. If it was not for Suzzane I would have been laying in bed the entire time. After the epidural she continued to massage my feet and back. I cannot explain how helpful and relaxing this was to me! She kept the room calm and had lavender oil that not only smelled great, but help me to relax.Not only was she great for me, but for my husband as well! He tends to panic when I am in pain. It took the pressure off of him and allowed him to be by my side comforting me instead of worrying about how to relieve my pain (as Suzzane had that under control).During the delivery she was supportive and by my side the entire time, while never getting in the way of my husband's support. We were both so happy to have her there.Suzzane made my labor and delivery so much easier. I still tell my husband that I swear she is the reason my labor was not so bad. You can tell the she truly loves being a doula and loves being part of the labor and delivery. I would highly recommend Suzzane & would use her again in a heartbeat! You will not regret your desicion to use her!


October Ramirez7/12/2013She was amazing! I ended up with a drawn out labor, edging on 48 hours, she never left my side. She helped me with breathing through the contractions, and helped me relax between them. She helped me into positions, and counter pressure.She helped me keep to my birth plan. Though I ended up with a ceserian section, she was the so helpful and understanding.


Bridget Girard7/11/2013I was on the fence about hiring a doula for most of my pregnancy.  It wasn't until well into the third trimester that I decided to look into one. With a referral from my hynobirthing coach and then another doula, I was introduced to Sue Kelly.  From the moment we first spoke on the phone, I felt incredibly at ease with her.  We met in person a short time after speaking and I knew that she was the doula for us instantly! She had a tenderness to her that reminded me of the nurturing care only a mother could provide.  She was calm, intelligent, and had a such pleasant sense of humor.  Overall, she made me feel so comfortable and at peace.  These wonderful attributes would definitely come in handy during my 24 hr. labor.My husband and I were so thankful to have Sue's support through the birthing process.  I had to be induced and I had told Sue that I was hoping to try to avoid an epidural if possible.  When the pitocin kicked in full strength, it was brutal.  Sue was such an amazing support to have by my side.  She helped guide me along with my breathing and birthing positions, and included my husband in the whole process so he didn't feel lost, scared, or left out.  When the contractions became so intense that it was hard for me to concentrate, Sue knew how to bring my focus back on my body and my breathing.  My son was born without any complication and I was able to follow through with my birthing plan.  I honestly can't imagine the experience turning out so well without Sue.Both my husband and I sing praises for Sue's presence during the labor and we highly reccommend her to anyone considering the support of a doula.  We are planning on adding to our family in the near future and there is no doubt that Sue will be by our side once again for the arrival.


Dustin Mayeux11/23/2012I am sure most of your who are reading this are most likely trying to find a doula and also may still be deciding if a doula is worth it. In these stressful economic times every dollar counts and I can whole heartedly say that hiring a doula was one of the best things I have ever spent money on.  If you can spare the cash, spend it and if you can’t, borrow it. Not hiring a doula is completely illogical. I am a businessman and always evaluate the up side and down side of every transaction and other then the expense there is not downside. I am speaking of my experience with Suzanne Kelly and therefore cannot attest to all doulas but if they are anything like Suzanne they are worth it. From the moment we interviewed Suzanne she was warm, compassionate, and caring. I do not believe she is a doula for the money; I believe she truly loves what she does and is passionate about.  My wife was not thrilled to have a doula at first, but I know my limitations and I also know that the first time we do anything we tend to make mistakes and learn a lot. I did not want the birth of my first child to be where I learned and made my mistakes. Suzanne was a sounding board for our decisions, was familiar with hospital procedures, worked well with the hospital staff, got me involved with the birth, and made it possible for my wife to have a drug free natural childbirth as she wanted. Suzanne will be at the birth of the rest of my children if I am fortunate to have more. She was priceless. After my daughter was born I asked my wife if she wanted another and she said yes. I believe that "yes" was due to Suzanne.  