DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
16 TESTIMONIALS

The Nesting Place Doula Collaborative

The Nesting Place LLC

Ridgewood, NJ  Service range 100 miles  We also serve Central and South Jersey and NY State boarders

201 623 3629

http://www.thenestingplacenj.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $65

Availability Remarks: We generally don't have issues providing families with a doula however it is still better to contact us as soon as you know you are interested in having support as we book up early.

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Miriam Ava7/19/2023The Nesting Place is the most amazing resource for pregnant and new moms! We used both a birth and postparum doula with them. The owners spent so much time with us before selecting the perfect douals for us!  We loved both doulas they choose  and felt safe and secure both with our birth doula during our birth and our postparum doula who took excellent  care of all three of us when we came home I participated in the pregnacy group which made me feel safe and secure. We also took an  amazing labor class and we learmed so much.  We were also able to iseour Carrot insurnace and  added the nesting place to our  babylist regsistry and recevied many gift cards at the shower, We truly feel that thanks to our doulas and The Nesting Place  professionals we were educated and enlightened  and tiotally supported which made our birth enjoyable and turly beatiful. Helpful 0 Thanks 0 Love this 0 Oh no 0  


Sabrina2/14/2023My experience with the Nesting Place Doula Collaborative was excellent. I was matched with Lauren who was super sweet and supportive. My husband and I really vibed with her energy, as did my 100lb shepherd. Our lives and how we aligned were very serrendipitious as well; between my dream birth and not finding out the gender of our baby, we seemed to be following in Lauren's own personal journey with her births so it just felt right from the start. Lauren met with us a few times before I gave birth to review and answer any questions. She covered everything from my hard no's if something were to happen and we had to go to the hospital, to questions about post partum, to information about placenta encapsulation and resources for baby. She also really helped me in prepping for labor with her guidance on positions to do at home with the aid of my husband as well as recommending the yoga ball (which I found extremely comfortable as I drew closer to giving birth). She was very calming and always available for me. My water broke at 5:50am and the first call I made was to her and she was there for me every moment from then on. I was very grateful for how well she prepared me. My labor was super quick and delivery was even faster. So fast that Lauren actually walked into the birthing center just minutes after my son was born (he almost came out in the car) but the one thing I kept thinking as we were racing to get to the birth center was Lauren's advice about those natural breaks mother nature gives us during our contractions and I remember just holding on to those seconds between contractions and trying to be really present so that I wouldn't freak out and have the baby in the car. It worked and my son was born at lighting speed healthy and happy! Another cool thing was that my son ended up being born on Lauren's daughters birthday! It will always be a cool date and memory that will forever connect us. Any mom would be lucky to have Lauren as a Doula. 


Angy11/10/2022I initially contacted the Nesting Place to join their infant CPR class which I thought was great! I noticed that they also connected people with Doulas and was searching for a Doula at the same time. I interviewed a Doula from the Nesting Place as well as other recommendations I received from friends. The Doula from the Nesting Place I interviewed, Beth, was a great match with us in our first conversation. I don't know how to explain it, but everyone has their own birth preferences (as Beth calls it) and when you describe some of those preferences to your Doula, you either feel like you two connect over the same things and she gets what you want, or don't. Beth was an automatic fit to me. And The Nesting Place made it clear that if I wanted to speak to others, they could offer me interviews with other Doula's as well. But we loved Beth rigth away and knew she would be perfect for us! Over the next few months, she would always check in on me and ask how I was doing, we'd have regular calls to chat about what I was reading, any questions I had, literally anything that came up for me. She was extremely patient in answering my questions, she made herself available to me and I felt very comfortable talking to her about anything and everything. She even called my hospital to get details on rooms and what they were going to offer me. As I started getting closer to my due date, we talked about inducing, natural ways to induce and my options. Beth was amazing with always telling me what my options were and supporting me in my decision. When I knew it was time to go, Beth made her way to the hospital and supported me and partner on our special day (and 52 hours of labor). She came with my birth preference plan and advocated for me in the hospital as well as reminded me what I wanted when it was hard to remember anything. I'm so happy we had her there and I feel so lucky to have met Beth through TNP. 


B. Martinez10/26/2021I came across The Nesting Place early in my pregnancy. I found the number of prenatal and post partum resources immediately reassuring. The NP team helped me customize a plan for my prenatal and post partum care. I enrolled in a private birthing class, lactation consultation and CPR class. Both my husband and I found the private birthing class immensely helpful; we felt much more informed and better prepared at the hospital during labor and delivery thanks to Janna. The lactation consultant, Rachel, showed me specific breastfeeding strategies and shared important bottle feeding information, all of which I have used on a daily basis. Amanda conducted the CPR class, during which we learned both infant CPR and infant choking response.  She tailored our class to inform us about the local Ridgewood response team, which was additionally reassuring.  I am now part of the Nesting Place New Moms Group, which is both helpful and fun!


Amanda C.9/15/2021My experience with the Nesting Place was wonderful.  The entire team was responsive and helpful both pre and post delivery.Janna, my doula, was simply amazing during my delivery.  I wanted an epidural free delivery for my 3rd child which she helped make possible.  Her guidance, support and encouragement were just what my husband and I needed.I wish I would have had her there for my first two births!  I could not recommend Janna and the Nesting Place more!!


Kacey7/29/2021Since I found out I was pregnant I felt like I was taking this journey alone especially during these difficult times but joining the Nesting Place helped me in many ways. Joining a support group for women who were pregnant and going through similar experiences as I was helped me feel comfortable with opening up about myself and led me to ask questions in which they had many of the answers to. I then did a Lamaze class with Janna. My husband and I learned so much from her and she helped us prepare as best as we could for when the time comes. She was very knowledgeable and made the classes exciting. Alison who led the support group was great! She also was my doula and we were thankful to have her. She was kind, patient, helpful, and easy to get along with. Lauren who is another doula I was introduced to was also amazing. She helped in the months leading up to my due date and made the process that much better. I would recommend this place to anyone who is expecting! 


Deepa7/15/2021My baby came earlier than expected and so I was looking for a night nurse/post partum doula while I was in the hospital. I contacted The Nesting Place and spoke with Barbara and immediately felt at ease that I was in good hands. I was put in contact with Judy and we decided she would be a good match for me.Since my baby was in the NICU I did not have an exact date when he will be home and throughout that time Barbara and Alison checked in on me and were flexible with when Judy could start.Once he was home, we had Judy come in 3 nights a week and I have to say she was amazing with my son. She took good care of him and also when I needed to some thing from target etc Judy picked it up for me. It helped me bond with my son more and be less stressed with good sleep those nights that she was here.I highly recommend The Nesting Place as they know what they are doing.


marianna roman2/21/2021  I’m very thankful for being introduced to the 2 most wonderful ladies that played a huge role in me becoming a mom. When I was matched with postpartum Doula Judy and birth Doula Lauren we clicked right away. I was so exited to share with them the  most precious chapter in my life. So thankful for them as they made me feel like nothing  was impossible. They helped make my  birth and postpartum  experience 1000 times better. I had constant support, reassurance and help. They are warm, caring and professional. For a FTM it was scary to go through childbirth and there after, it was so unknown and intimidating. I really wanted to have a great birth experience and these wonderful ladies made it possible! Lauren was with us through my labour, giving me the best support.. She was by my side every step of the way and was an amazing advocate for me when the time came. She was also an amazing support to my husband as being a first time dad was intimidating and overwhelming . Judy was there for me as we brought my baby home. She provided a great deal of guidance and support to us ,took care of my baby girl with so much love and tenderness as she was her own.  When I was faced with a challenge Judy guided me in the right direction, recommended I meet the lactation consultant Rachel McHale, who was just as wonderful, extremely knowledgeable and experienced in her field. She was amazing with my me and daughter. By helping me figure out and overcome painful breastfeeding ,which was extremely important to me. She gave me back a bond that only a mom and her child can have. Judy, Lauren and Rachel Are so amazing, they make you feel like you are never alone no matter what challenge of parenthood you are facing. The Nsting Place is a gem!


Batya Cohen12/23/2020The Nesting Place is THE best one stop shop for all baby, birthing, and in general woman care.Alison took the time and patience to hear what kind of doula I was looking for to fit my birthplan. She was always available to talk or text for any questions or concerns I had. I highly recommend The Nesting Place!!!!


Cody Rounds12/22/2020Highly recommend- I had the actual birth experience of my dreams and The Nesting Place was a huge part of making that happen for our family.From pregnancy throughout postpartum support, the staff and the doula paired with me were all supportive, knowledgeable, and attentive. They make your birth plan personal in the best way- they get to know you and you’re not “just a another client.”My doula, Janna, was beyond what I could have hoped for. As a FTM I was clueless but really wanted a non-medical, intuitive and partner-focused birth. Janna is very knowledgeable about birth and the pelvis. She comes equipped with with a grounded and nurturing energy and lots of tricks to progress or slow labor depending on your needs. She intuited my needs throughout labor and advised me when it was time to leave for the birthing center - for a FTM this was so important. She showed my husband how to provide support during labor so he could be involved, and she stayed with me during post-birth procedures so I didn’t have to be alone while hubby was with baby.I was great to have postpartum check-ins too. Janna came over the next day to check on us and give some postpartum tips and support. The Nesting Place offers a lot of great extras, like classes, yoga, workshops, and a new moms group (all virtual during COVID). Everything about it was spectacular!


Ashleigh G8/26/2020I am so thankful that I found this place. I was so anxious about having a baby  during COVID 19. After talking to Alison and Barbara who are so incredibly kind we were matched with Lauren. From the first time we met her we felt so much more at ease. She made herself available to us whenever we had questions (which was often). She was amazing throughout my labor and birth making sure both me and my husband were comfortable and ok. She help me calm down and she knew what to do when like I wanted  to give up. I can't imagine giving birth without her. I'm sure it would have looked very different.  I also loved the fact that she supported whatever we wanted without any judgment or pushing to do it a different way. I am so happy my OB told me to call  they changed my view on birth and i'm sure that is why my birthing experience was such a positive one! 


Lashida7/22/2020I must say that I am grateful to have come across the Nesting Place by Google midwife/doula services in NJ. Alison is such a pleasant and easy-going person. She was excellent in selecting a doula just right for my family! Without her, I would not have found my midwifery services and I would not have come across such a great doula, Sara Silverman. Sara has made my prenatal and birthing experience tremendously less stressful! Sara allowed me to drive my doula experience by making sure she was clear on what I wanted and advocating for those requests. Sara also gave me options on what activities I could do to labor more gracefully at home and at the birthing center. Sara also had great ideas and new strategies to help relieve and distract me from the pain. Sara was very resourceful, genuine, and empathetic. She did not only focus on me, but she also answered my husband’s questions and helped him be more comfortable with the laboring process. I would definitely want to have Sara by my side at future deliveries and I would definitely recommend her to my network. I would also recommend The Nesting Place to coordinate doula services!


Gwen Harris4/15/2020I was recently looking for a doula and The Nesting Place was so helpful! They offer virtual doula support for birth and postpartum. You can get the best doula support from the comfort of your own home. They have been so great throughout my pregnancy and offer great services. I would reccommend them to everyone. You can learn more about them by going to thenestingplacenj.com. 


Teena1/1/2020I had very long and hard labor and couldnt hve done it without my doula. She stayed with me and got my husband involved more then I ever thouht he would be. I highly recommend them and I am going to use the after my mom leaves for postpartum


Abigail S10/14/2019The Nesting Place is my favorite place! I used two different doula's (both specifically chosen for us by the owner) one for birth and one for when we came home. Both far exceeded my expectations in every way! I loved my whole birth experience. The Breast feeding and newborn care class was also excellent.


Alicia R10/13/2019 Having a postpartum doula was the best thing I ever did! Melissa was a life saver. She was kind, caring and very knowledgeable. Not only did she treat my daughter like she was her own, she also took great care of me and turned my husband into super dad! The Nesting Place did an an amazing job matching my family with the perfect Doula for us. No surprise there, everything they do is top notch.