DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
4 TESTIMONIALS

Tina LaSala

Howell, NJ  Service range 50 miles

732-637-3539

Birth Fee

$800 to $1700

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $35

CONTACT TINA VIEW TINA'S AVAILABILITY

Kate5/8/2021Tina was amazing and a lifesaver ! We hired Tina as a post partum Doula and we honestly don't know how we would have survived without her. She made us extremely comfortable and we absolutely loved having her here to help us. Do yourself a favor and hire Tina, you will not be dissapoinetd!  


Chana Pinkwas5/5/2019Tina was  calm attentive and caring throughout my entire pregnancy, checking in and always offering encouraging words and ideas. She continued those traits through my labor and delivery and was my rock through it all. She was calm, excited, optomostic and funny at all the appropriate times. In addition she was a plethora of knowledge and confidently was able to answer all my questions. She truly made my birth experience postive and empowering. I look forward to hopefully getting the chance to use Tina in the future! 


Christianne4/19/2019Tina saved me! She supported me through challenges and joys during my pregnancy with suggestions for managing symptoms and simply an ear and a shoulder when things were rough. She supported me with joy, humor, empathy, and "victory ice" through a very long labor that was induced due to complications. I would probably have gotten through, but her encouragement and presence helped me avoid a c-section. She was immensely helpful in the first month home as a postpartum doula, and continues to be an ear and a shoulder virtually. I would recommend Tina in an instant!


Catherine Howard3/19/2018I needed someone to care for my toddler while I was birthing my second child and Tina happily stepped up to the plate. She was awesome - not only did she earn the "favorite doula" award from my toddler, she was incredibly supportive and knowledgeable in helping me throughout the entire pregnancy/birthing/postpartum process as well. She has such a calm presence and, seriously, gives the best hip presses ever!