DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
10 TESTIMONIALS

Wendy Gorter, CD(DONA)

Embrace Doula Care

Midland Park, NJ  Service range 30 miles

551 404 7832

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2200

CONTACT WENDY VIEW WENDY'S AVAILABILITY

Kara Donsky10/21/2018My husband and I cannot say enough positive things about working with Wendy as our birth Doula! We became interested in hiring a Doula early in our pregnancy as we really valued all the benefits this support provides. Less than a week before our son was unexpectedly born we had started interviewing Doulas. Wendy was the first person we met with and we immediately felt so comfortable with her. Her warmth, compassion, and easy-going nature make her so well-fit to help parents during labor and delivery (especially nervous first-timers like us) and her extensive experience made it clear we'd be in great hands. We walked away from the meeting wanting to book her on the spot, but decided to keep the appointment we had with a 2nd Doula a few weeks later to do our "due diligence." Little did we know that just a few days later I'd be delivering our baby more than 6wks early due to blood pressure complications! As soon as we learned I was being induced, we reached out to Wendy and asked her to be our Doula. The timing worked out perfectly and luckily she was able to adjust her schedule and join us for the birth of our son the next day with virtually no notice. I had wanted a natural birth but the circumstances required me to opt for a C-section-- talking through that decision with Wendy helped me get as calm and confident as I could before going into surgery. I truly cannot express how much I valued having Wendy in the operating room with me (before my husband was allowed in) and then towards the end of the surgery when my husband went with our son to the NICU. Having her there to talk me through what was going on and keep me calm was invaluable. I don't know how we could have gotten through our traumatic birth experience without her! She has been a wonderful, caring source of support in the weeks following the birth and our son's NICU stay as well. We are so incredibly grateful for Wendy's support and cannot recommend her services enough!


sarah gailey4/6/2018We are forever thankful for Wendy's experience and help through our son's birth.  We had been hoping for a natural childbirth, and Wendy's service started well before the birth, with a thorough meeting to understand our plans and give us recommendations for preparing for labor. Our birth plan was thrown for a loop when the doctor found my fluid to be low and recommended induction, labor, then ultimately C-section. Wendy talked us through all our fears and concerns, helping me to stay calm, helping me through the pain of labor, keeping me motivated and strong to avoid medication as long as possible, then providing guidance and encouragement when it was needed. Wendy's expertise saved us so much stress and pain, I can't imagine how it would have been without her. I highly recommend Wendy's service to ensure the best experience for the most incredible day of your life!


Cheryl Wolf2/3/2016What an incredible blessing it was to have Wendy Gorter as a Doula for the birth of our third daughter. As a VBAC, there were added risks involved and Wendy was wonderful at helping me through every contraction. When contractions were less intense she skillfully massaged my hands and feet. As things ramped up, Wendy rode the contractions with me, tenderly guiding my breathing and effectively prepping my body for the next contraction. When it came time to push, Wendy was so encouraging! Having her there enabled my husband to really tend to me in an emotional way, as all my physical needs were being met. Loved having Wendy as a Doula and would highly recommend her!!


Brea O8/27/2015Wendy was absolutely amazing! She met with me a week before I was due since I was putting off because of how expensive it can be. She works with you with whatever you can afford, but her initial price is only $500, where as most people charge around $800-$1000. She kept in contact with me though text to see how I was progressing, and would offer me little tips and encouragement. When I asked her to come to the hospital (i was starting pitocin) she was there in 30 minutes! During labor she provided me with a sense of strength of knowing someone had my best interests in mind. She definitely kept me calm and helped me relax mentally. Physically, she massaged my feet, legs, back, shoulders...it was wonderful. She had several massage tools, and I brought lavender essential oil (which she recommended) for her to use. It helped alot and felt amazing! She kept me out of the bed when the nurses allowed it because it feel better and helps keep the contractions coming. She'd ask me if I wanted this or that postion, giving me a choice. During really strong contractions i would sit on my ball and she would hold me from behind and support my head and bounce the ball for me while I relaxed my body (which helped with the pain). She showed my husband how to best help me as well, so he wasn't left out whatsoever. In the beginning, I think my husband was worried she would take his place, but she helped him know what to do and kept him involved. I was able to have a natural birth when the C section rate is 50% in this area!! I believe a lot of that was due to her helping me stay out of bed and showing me how to deal with pain in different positions. I couldn't recommend her more! If you're looking into getting a doula I have to tell you to just meet with Wendy even if you're not sure what you want. She won't pressure you into it, and just know she is flexible financially. Just call her, she is wonderful, and I PROMISE you will be happy you did!!!


Brea O8/25/2015Wendy was absolutely amazing! She met with me a week before I was due since I was putting off because of how expensive it can be. She works with you with whatever you can afford, but her initial price is only $500, where as most people charge around $800-$1000. She kept in contact with me though text to see how I was progressing, and would offer me little tips and encouragement. When I asked her to come to the hospital (i was starting pitocin) she was there in 30 minutes! During labor she provided me with a sense of strength of knowing someone had my best interests in mind. She definitely kept me calm and helped me relax mentally. Physically, she massaged my feet, legs, back, shoulders...it was wonderful. She had several massage tools, and I brought lavender essential oil (which she recommended) for her to use. It helped alot and felt amazing! She kept me out of the bed when the nurses allowed it because it feel better and helps keep the contractions coming. She'd ask me if I wanted this or that postion, giving me a choice. During really strong contractions i would sit on my ball and she would hold me from behind and support my head and bounce the ball for me while I relaxed my body (which helped with the pain). She showed my husband how to best help me as well, so he wasn't left out whatsoever. In the beginning, I think my husband was worried she would take his place, but she helped him know what to do and kept him involved. I was able to have a natural birth when the C section rate is 50% in this area!! I believe a lot of that was due to her helping me stay out of bed and showing me how to deal with pain in different positions. I couldn't recommend her more! If you're looking into getting a doula I have to tell you to just meet with Wendy even if you're not sure what you want. She won't pressure you into it, and just know she is flexible financially. Just call her, she is wonderful, and I PROMISE you will be happy you did!!!


Beth Hurley3/15/2015We could not have asked for a better doula. To start of with, she was ready us even though I went into labor almost 3 weeks ahead of time, and on Christmas Eve no less. Wendy met us at the hospital at 9 am, and was with us all day until our baby was born at 6 pm. Not once did she appear that she wished she was home with her family on such an important day for getting together.During the labor, Wendy was fantastic. She was hands on at all the right times, and knew when a little space was needed. My husband planned on being an active support person for me and he never felt like she was stepping on his toes or boxing me out. He felt they worked together perfectly to support me, and couldn't imagine trying to go through labor without a second set of hands.Wendy was also very knowledgeable, and her experience with other births was something we could draw on. I would recommend her to any friend or family, and I know anyone would be in safe hands with Wendy by their side.


Steve and Ali Bogertman5/12/2014When I gave birth to my first son I had a c-section. I was unable to bond, skin to skin or breast feed in the first 8 hours after having him. I was emotional and confused as to why I could not bond with my baby. When my husband and I were preparing for our second child I knew I wanted a DOULA.When I first met with Wendy prior to my second birth, I expressed to her that I wanted to try for a VBAC simply because I wanted a bonding experience between my baby, husband and I.Two weeks before my due date my doctor sent me to the hospital for a c-section due to elevated blood pressure. I called Wendy and she met my Husband and I at the Hospital. My Husband and I were both extremely nervous because of our previous experience with our first son's c-section. She assured us that if the baby was ok that I would have skin to skin bonding.Before the birth, Wendy informed my OBGYN of my birth plan. She also made sure that the doctors did not announce the sex of the baby. My doctor allowed both my husband and Wendy into the operating room. Wendy kept us both so calm. Seconds after the baby was born the nurse placed him directly on my bare chest. Together my husband and I learned we had another son! When the nurse took my son (and my husband) to be cleaned up, Wendy stayed by my head so I wasn't alone.In recovery, Wendy assisted me with the "breast crawl". The baby latched on only about an hour after birth. She stayed with my husband and I until I was ready for her to leave.With the help of Wendy, I was able to have an enjoyable birth experience! Everything I wanted as far as bonding I was able to achieve. I would recommend Wendy to anyone! I had a wonderful experience with her and I plan on using her for my future births!


Yunah Chang3/14/2014I had the joy of meeting Wendy Gorter about a month and a half before my expected due date and knew immediately that I wanted her to be one of my birth coaches along with my husband.  From the start, she was very accommodating and supportive of my needs and my birthing experience.  We had two prenatal meetings, and she was very informative and helped to calm down my anxiety as a FTM.  She routinely checked up on me and was so sweet and caring.The big day came, and Wendy came to the hospital as soon as I asked her to.  As soon as she arrived, she helped my labor to progress along by encouraging me to move around; she walked the hospital hallways with me, encouraged me to bounce on the birthing ball, and constantly massaged my back during every contractions.  With Wendy massaging my lower back and my husband massaging my hands and arms, I felt relaxed and confident.  My labor progressed pretty quickly, and I attribute it to Wendy's help.  I think her wonderful lower back massage during every contractions not only alleviated my pain, but also helped bring the baby down quicker!Having Wendy as my doula was a great decision and I highly recommend her to anyone seeking a doula for a pleasant birthing experience.


Jessica VanHooker Frank10/5/2013With my first child I did not have a doula. I went into labor on my own at home, and our experience at the hospital seemed quick and easy.  Honestly, at first, we were unsure if we needed or wanted a doula the second time. I originally planned to try to duplicate our first experience, but as we looked into the benefits of doulas and got to know Wendy, we decided she was the perfect match for us.During our initial meetings and conversations, she was very understanding, accommodating, and selfless. She wanted to come along side my family's birth plan and simply aid and assist as needed.  She indicated that she would be as much or as minimally involved as we would like, and stayed true to her word.Wendy put her schedule on hold for the weeks surrounding my due date and remained on standby for my call.  My son ended up being a couple days past due, so we scheduled an induction and went to the hospital the night before. Wendy arrived first thing the next morning, ready to work. It was a long day of active labor, but Wendy's assistance with various excercises, massages, and comfort techniques really helped labor progress and the day went by quickly.Her skills and expertise were exceeded by her empathy, comfort, & encouragement.  She was professional and personable. She persevered around the clock, eager to assist in any way she could, even teaching my husband comforting measures so that he would be involved as well. She learned to read my expressions and knew what I needed before I even asked.Looking back we are so thankful that Wendy was a part of our special day.  We had no idea what challenges or uncertainties we would face, but we are so grateful that Wendy was there with her wisdom, insight, & support.  The day our son was born was one of the greatest days of our life & whenever we look back at it, we remember Wendy and the special part she played.  Thanks so much Wendy!


Lisa Bracco10/4/2013Having Wendy as my doula for baby #2 was the best thing I could have done. I konw the birthing techniques she suggested were right for me. I did not have a doula during the delivery of my first child, and I honestly have no idea how I did it without her. I also loved that she wasn't just coaching me through my labor, but my husband as well. Wendy really helped him help me and made him feel very involved. I love that she was not overbearing. She gave me space when I needed space and she was also very respectful of our time together as a family shortly after the baby's arrival. We found Wendy to be more of a support and help to us than our nurses! She even offered to provide music, candle lights or massages for me. My birthing experience would not have been as enjoyable as it was if we didn't have Wendy there. She was the best support we could have had. We're looking forward to baby #3 with her!