DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
2 TESTIMONIALS

Zoe Makofske, CD(DONA), CLC

Talking Heart Childbirth Services

Mahwah, NJ  Service range 50 miles  Sorry, I am not able to do births in the City.

551-206-3119

https://www.talkingheartchildbirth.com

Birth Fee

$1000

Postpartum Rate

$0 to $50

CONTACT ZOE VIEW ZOE'S AVAILABILITY

Ashley McSweeney8/5/2018With this being our first pregnancy, my husband and I had many questions, concerns, and fears due to the pregnancy care we were currently receiving was not exactly what we were looking for. Around 20 weeks, we met with Zoë for an initial consultation. We were impressed with her honest, comforting, kind and compassionate approach to labor and delivery and immediately knew that Zoë was exactly the support we needed, in fact she was even able to recommend us to a midwife center in New Jersey to better help lead us towards the all natural hospital birth & pregnancy care we were looking for. Her birth prep sessions were personalized to our needs and really helped us understand what to expect and how to cope with an all natural labor. She helped us understand different hospital processes and really made sure she understood our birth plan while helping us make decisions based on her understanding of what we were looking for. She ensured that my husband was engaged throughout our pregnancy and labor, assuring all of his concerns were discussed in length.On the day of delivery, Zoë was right there with us supporting us from the time our water broke, to arriving at the hospital right before us. She worked alongside our midwife and nurse to suggest and help me to implement pain relief without the use of drugs. Zoë is a genuinely kind and caring person, someone who is meant for birth work. Her presence brought a true sense of calm and security & we are incredibly grateful to have had Zoë by our side throughout this journey. We very much appreciate her keeping in touch after the birth to see how we were doing, offering guidance during a stressful breastfeeding journey. Her guidance, education, and encouragement helped to make the birth of our daughter comfortable, safe, and natural. We truly enjoyed working with Zoë and highly recommend her to anyone seeking doula support!


Nancy Odiai4/9/2018My name is Nancy Odiai. I just had my baby and she is 17days old.I was fortunate to have Zoe as my doula. Up until I mer her I really didnt know the functions of a doula. But with her and having her around during the birth of my baby was an amazing experience.This is my first and as a result a whole lot of things  were new to me. Zoe visited me at home and asked me some questions, I told her of my intentions to have a natural birth and she was totally supportive. However, I was past my due date and so I had to be induced. Once the process started Zoe was with me all through. She was patient with me, she was my voice with the nurses and attendants,she made sure I was totally comfortable. Eventually when I started to have the contractions she encouraged me on how strong I am and how I know I can pull through. She was totally positive. She taught me how to breadth and helped massage my back from time to time.when it was finally time to push my  Sunshine it was an anticipated and courageous  experience.Im glad I had Zoe at the birth of my child and would really love to have such a selfless person as Zoe at the birth of my other children.