DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
15 TESTIMONIALS

Angie Mogensen CD(DONA)

Loving ARMs Doula Services

Greencastle, PA  Service range 75 miles  ***Discounts may apply to low income families

240-818-8902

https://lovingarmsdoula.com

Birth Fee

$1000 to $1200

CONTACT ANGIE VIEW ANGIE'S AVAILABILITY

Kamerin Challburg3/25/2023Finding words to describe how grateful I am for Angie is a very hard thing to do. I had to start this review over because I had too much to say about how wonderful she is! I am so happy we found Angie and could not have had a better support person for our 2nd kid.From the very beginning she responded quickly, worked with my families tough schedules when planning zoom call and visits, gave very helpful articles, talked through all of our options while not being biased, answered questions with facts and referred to evidence based birth, showed me stretches to help with some pregnancy pains, helped write up the whole birth plan, gave me a reiki session which was very relaxing, she took so many stressful things off my plate for me. She even supported me through dealing with people around me trying to change my plan. Extreme support from day one!Then during the labor and birth she had thought of all the things we had talked about in visits but then had even thought of more things to help me through the whole birth. Bringing essential oils to help calm me, playing calming music, walking me through different positions to keep me comfortable through labor, so many added things I didn't think of to keep labor comfortable, helped with my anxiety when certain things came up that worried me, helped direct my husband on how to help me and also supported him through everything too, made sure we both had food in us to get through everything. It was an amazing birth and I honestly believe it went so smoothly because of the support that Angie gave throughout the whole thing!She was even great for postpartum too, she gave me so many things to help me get through it and to help heal from birth, she didn’t come empty handed to the postpartum visit either! She really thought of everything!


Paige Jones2/12/2023Angie was the best! As a first-time parent, I was extremely nervous and anxious navigating my pregnancy and labor and delivery. Angie was a comforting and reliable presence through the entire journey. She provided us with credible and helpful information that helped my husband and I make informed decisions on our birth plan, and supported our choices no matter what. Angie was our rock during labor and delivery, offering support and advising different positions to keep my labor progressing. She also helped me feel empowered and in control of all decisions at the hospital. And Angie stayed with my husband and I in the hours after birth when I was whisked away into emergency surgery -- offering to go back with me and to support my husband and hour-old daughter. We could not be more grateful or appreciative to all Angie did for us. 


Vicky2/9/2023I had a wonderful experience with Duala Angie with my second child. She is a very caring person and very comfortable to talk to. I have certain fear about the birth and shared that with her. Angie listened and designed a detailed birth plan to address these concerns which made me feel more prepared.On the day when I gave birth, Angie came to the hospital very timely to give me full support. Although the birth itself still has pain but the whole time I felt there is someone there looking out for me. Angie provided very thorough care before, during and after the birth. She had visited me in my home several times just to chat and answer all the questions I have. She is also very responsive and resourceful whenever I have questions or need any referrals.Overall very positive experience with Angie and I strongly recommend her!


Marley11/21/2022Working with Angie was wonderful! We decided fairly late in my pregnancy that we wanted to work with a doula and were so lucky to find her. Angie provided us with a wealth of evidence-based information and really helped us to feel comfortable with the types of decisions we’d be faced with in the birth process and our preferences for each of them. She answered all of my (sometimes silly) questions in a calm, judgement free, and informed way that really helped me gain confidence in the birth process. She was also immensely valuable in helping us put together our thoughts and questions for the doctor ahead of my appointments.I had to be induced early due to some complications and Angie was very helpful via phone and text as we tried to decide on a course of action. My birth progressed quickly and Angie arrived at the hospital just as baby was about to arrive, but she sprung into action helping to make sure I was comfortable, supporting both me and my husband, and capturing some wonderful photos that I’ll cherish forever. Though she wasn’t there for most of my labor (my “fault” – not hers!!), we were able to use the tips and tricks she provided in our earlier sessions together to help us remain calm and comfortable during the labor process. When baby arrived and unexpectedly had to be taken to the NICU right away, Angie provided comfort and reassurance during what was a very scary time. Her follow up visit, recommendations, and homemade soup were all very cherished in the early postpartum days.I really can’t speak highly enough of Angie as a doula. My husband and I feel so thankful to have found her and any expecting parents would be lucky to have her by their side on their journey. Thank you, Angie!


Sara Tomlinson6/24/2022Angie was incredible during the labor and birth of our first child. We had a birthing plan that was discussed with our midwives and prepared by Angie and our family. Unfortunately, things changed quickly after my water broke and we had to deviate from our original birth plan. While this was stressful and not anticipated, Angie did an amazing job at keeping mom and dad calm and guiding us to make informed decisions on what steps to take with the new turn of events.Prior to labor and delivery, Angie was available 24/7 for any of my questions and provided great research for me to make informed decisions. She also completed a reiki session with me prior to delivery that reset my chakras and calmed me. During the unmedicated portion of our labor experience which lasted 20 hours, Angie knew exactly what to do to help with my pain. She applied pressure to my back, had a cold or hot rag whenever I needed it, and kept me hydrated. She knew how to read my queues and I couldn't have asked for a better birthing partner. After delivery, she checked in daily to ensure baby and I were doing well. She visited us about a week later and brought us a delicious, well-needed meal. I cannot speak highly enough about Angie and her services. When it's time for baby #2, Angie will definitely be there again with us. 


Andrea6/8/2022Angie is nothing short of amazing. With what felt like a record long labor at over 65 hours and quite a surprise with a premature labor, Angie was there for all of it. A couple times we had to send her out for fresh air and food, but if she was tired, you never would've known. She worked seamlessly with hospital staff and helped me advocate for providers I needed. In the height of labor she provided reiki and even my husband said he couldn't believe how much she helped without even having to touch me! She brings a broad set of skills from other areas of her life to her work as a doula that are beyond valuable. She helped me navigate a lengthy hospital stay prior to labor and regularly offered to come be with me even prior to labor. Afterwards she came with the most amazing meal and chatted which was so amazing to feel like a person for a while!I can't recomend her enough. I simply found her in an online search and I am SO glad I did. I sincerely hope we have her at all of our births from here on out! 


Madison Lee5/11/2022Angie was an absolute blessing to have support me and my husband for the birth of our son. As first time parents we were weary of all the potential interventions that could be impressed upon us by providers and hospitals and we felt Angie was the sole reason we had the birth we wanted. Angie is a fantastic listener and does so without judgement. I initially wanted a low intervention medication free birth. Now I knew that birth preferences are just that, preferences. Angie was always very realistic when discussing my wants. I said I didn't necessarily want an epidural, but will ask for one if I feel I need it, and she passed no judgement. She was on our side every step of the way and I am so grateful. When Angie came to the hospital she sprung into action helping me manage pain, putting me into different positions to help baby getting into my pelvis, and making sure my wishes were taken care of. Angie provides so much knowledge to help inform your intuition about all things birth. She is calm, caring, and the best support you could have for your birth. I hope she will attend my next birth whenever that times comes. 


Lauren Ziegenbein12/17/2021I cannot even put into words how thankful I am for Angie, to have her as my doula for my second birth. She completely changed my pregnancy and birth experience! With my first child I did not have a good birth experience. I was uneducated and not prepared and I was really taken advantage of by the doctors and nurses. I let them pressure me into things because I didn't know I had other options, and it felt awful. Second pregnancy, I knew I had to change something. I  needed an advocate, a positive presence. After finding Angie on doulamatch, my prayers were answered. My prenatal visits with her were amazing. She provided me so much education and information, she answered all my questions and eased my mind on all my worries. She was always just a phone call or text away whenever I needed something. I felt 10000% confident going into my second birth. I labored on my own at home, taking control of my contractions and feeling relaxed because Angie had taught me exactly what to do and how to labor! I've never been so proud of myself.  When she met my husband and I at the hospital she brought a wave of calmness. From coaching, soothing words, peanut ball positioning, snacks, music and calming oils she truly made my birth better than I could have ever imagined. If you are looking for a doula look no further! Angie is absolutely the best! 


Olivia Fraser11/16/2021Angie was a wonderful support during our journey to bring our daughter into the world! She was there every step of the way providing information and support to both myself and my partner.  As first time parents the amount of information can be truly overwhelming.  In our planning with Angie she helped us to consider pros and cons and gave us ample resources to make informed decisions.  She made herself readily available to answer questions and was always very responsive! During my daughter’s birth she was both a support and advocate for both my partner and I, which was incredibly comforting as (often is the case) things didn’t go exactly according to plan! I would highly recommend working with Angie, particularly as first time parents.  We are so appreciative of all she did for our family!


TW10/21/2021As new parents, my wife and I did as much as we could to educate ourselves before the birth of our daughter. We wanted an all natural birth, but in a hospital, so we took a natural birthing course followed by a baby care course, and studied all the videos multiple times, as well as several YouTubers specialized in this topic. Still, I felt we needed a doula to be there for us because I knew that giving birth would be like nothing else. I'm glad I followed my instincts because that led us to Angie. We didn't know what to expect, but we had a feeling she would be the right person for us. Not only were we right, Angie surpassed our expectations in many ways. Her warm personality, balanced approach, and lazer focus during the my wife's labor were just a few examples. She had helpful materials during each visit, helped us effectively navigate conventional hospital procedures around birth so that we can achieve a natural birth. She is a wonderful listener.During my wife's labor, it was very difficult feeling helpless while seeing her in pain and completely exhausted. Angie knew just the right moment to begin coaching my wife on breathing techniques while also instructing me on how to provide extra support when needed. I was scared for her life, but with Angie's support, my wife could focus her energy effectively, which minimized tearing. Without Angie, the bleeding and tearing would have been much worse along with a prolonged post-partum recovery.We are so greatful to Angie for both my wife's health and the safe birth of our daughter. Moreover, with school debt and other new expenses, we're greatly appreciate her generously low rate, which made it possible for us to afford her services. We were particularly pleased when we learned that she's an experienced Reiki practicioner and offers one complementary session! I wholeheartedly recommend Angie as an incredible doula and all-around wonderful human being!


Lorelai8/29/2021When we found ourselves overwhelmed when creating our birth plan, and underprepared for labor and delivery, we started researching local doulas. Angie’s profile stood out so much that I only wanted to work with her, and we were so lucky she was able to accommodate us on fairly short notice. Angie visited our home twice before our delivery, was present for the entire labor, visited us postpartum, and was available via a text or call for anything we needed in between. She reviewed our drafted birth plan, brought up any considerations we missed (more than a few!) and updated our birth plan for us based on our conversation and decisions. She took a giant weight off of our shoulders in helping us feel prepared as we got closer to the birth of our son. Her support has not stopped and she has continued to provide resources and support on our breastfeeding/new parent journey.I had a giant fear of birth trauma or regrets around my labor experience. My goal was a completely natural birth, and I was fearful that something would take away from what my picture of my ideal birth looked like. In the end, everything did not go as planned, but because of everything Angie did to prepare us and support us, I left my birth experience with nothing but joy, accomplishment, and pride over what my body and mind were able to do. That is the power of a doula - knowledge leads to empowerment and no amount of research could have prepared us to make informed decisions the way that Angie’s assistance did. Feeling confident and in control of all decisions we made for our birth was amazing.Angie is kind, respectful, and wonderful to spend time with. We wouldn’t have wanted anyone else supporting us through this special time in our lives. I could go on and on, but ultimately I'll just say I can not imagine going through the birth of our son without her by our side. I can’t recommend her highly enough!  


Prae8/14/2021I was unfamiliar with the services or benefits of having a doula, but I was approached by Angie in early 2021. I was pregnant with my second child and felt my first birth experience was lacking, so I wanted to see if having a doula would make a difference. We met on two separate occasions before my July due date, but we stayed in contact virtually constantly. I was immediately impressed by her warm personality and wide range of knowledge. She had no reservations against asking me tough questions about my first birth to assess how best to assist me during my second. My husband was also able to meet with her on one occasion and Angie really went to great length to make him a part of the relationship.When my due date arrived, Angie met us at the hospital with a sunny disposition despite it being near the middle of the night. She stayed with us for over 24 hours before I went into active labor. Beforehand she made sure to advocate on my behalf with my medical providers to make sure that I was getting the exact care I wanted. Afterwards she stayed by my side to make sure any acute postpartum issues were swiftly and accurately handled so we could focus on our new baby girl. There was not a point during my birthing experience where she was not present. Following our discharge from the hospital, she maintained her consistent rate of contact to follow-up with us during our postpartum time at home. A few weeks after, we met again for our final appointment to share our “farewells”. She even gifted me a container of an essential oil that she used during labor which I became quite fond of!I can confidently say that having Angie by my side made my birth significantly more pleasant. Not only was she helpful and informative in the leadup to my due date, but she was a fantastic labor-and-delivery coach. My husband & I are exceptionally grateful to her for her services, and we are blessed to have had her with us during this precious occasion!


Lynn Lips8/9/2021Angie was a wonderful doula and I cannot recommend her enough!  As a first time mom I admittedly didn't have much insight or knowledge about the whole birthing process.  Angie provided much needed information and resources to help prepare my husband and I.  I was also interested in placenta encapsulation so Angie used her resources and found local providers of that service.  She also sent research articles on the topic so I could make an informed decision.  She was also very supportive in the weeks leading up to delivery, always checking in to see how I was feeling and how my dr appointments went.  She helped create my birth plan, and most importantly helped advocate my plan once we were at the hospital.  Angie provided a calming presence during active labor.  It was as if she knew what I needed before I did!  She made sure I stayed well hydrated, asked the nurses for extra ice packs and got their attention whenever I needed something, helped me use the peanut ball after I had an epidural, and offered different calming techniques.  She also took many photos that I will cherish forever.  I am so thankful for Angie and the support she provided. She is an amazing doula that I highly recommend.  


Jennifer Boisseau6/8/2021As a single mother by choice, through IVF, I needed to ask someone to come to the hospital with me as a support person.  Angie was my clear choice because of her calm, supportive and thorough personality.  I honestly can't thank her enough for being with me in the hospital.  As labor was just beginning, she kept me distracted and calm and I can honestly say I was enjoying myself.  As contractions intensified, she sat with me through them, helping me to breath and giving reiki.  During a frightening moment when my blood pressure dropped very low, because of the epidural, she grabbed my hand and locked eyes with me.  Without saying a word, her eyes let me know I was safe and she had me.  Labor happened quickly with this second baby and I thought Angie might be delivering the baby with my nurse as the doctor hadn't made it there yet :) This was fine with me though, I knew Angie could handle it.  And the doctor did make it there.  After delivery, Angie was everything I needed in a support person.  She helped me move around, kept me fed, held the baby so I could rest and helped with all of the paperwork/kept things organized for me.  Throughout the entire time at the hospital, Angie stayed in constant contact with my mother through phone calls and texts.  She also took tons of pictures for me and sent them to friends and family.  My mom felt like she was right there because of how well Angie kept her updated.  My mother will forever be grateful to Angie.  Giving birth is a glorious whirlwind.  I am so thankful that Angie could help me through that time and like my mother, I will be forever thankful for her.  I would whole-heartedly recommend working with Angie as your doula.  


Gia Hooper5/21/2021Angie attended the Homebirth of my third child on 1/1/21. While this experience was prior to her completing her Doula training, she provided instinctually, everything I needed from a doula that morning. First, she had been on stand by for a couple of weeks and was always checking on me, holding space and making sure I was feeling supported leading up to the big day, so on New Year's Day at 5:39 AM she was able to immediately respond and get on the road. Coming from Baltimore to Herndon, VA, I was surprised when she arrived prior to my midwife, who was local and my mother who were also en route. When I saw her, I was so relieved and just her presence there was immediately calming for me. Things progressed more quickly than anyone had imagined and my labor went from first contraction to finished all under 2 hours. She knew just what to do, where to go, how to communicate with whom and who to support in what way. At the peak of the transition stage of labor, I asked Angie to transmit Reiki Healing to me as she is a Reiki Master Teacher. It was powerful and immediate and I was able to begin pushing within moments, which was amazing!! She got the only pictures I have of me holding the baby for the first time and I truly cherish them. Afterward, she was efficient and peaceful helping with clean up, making sure my kids were happy and that everyone was fed, especially me. The postpartum support was wonderful both physcially as well as emotionally and spiritually, I felt honored, loved and able to be my complete authentic hormonal self as she held space for my family and I, in the most perfect way. I am so grateful and I highly recommend Angie as a Doula. 