DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
4 TESTIMONIALS

Bethany Motyl

Coatesville, PA  Service range 40 miles

Birth Fee

$700

Postpartum Rate

$35

CONTACT BETHANY VIEW BETHANY'S AVAILABILITY

Corinne Gannotti3/24/2023A short testimonial seems hardly enough to express how grateful I am to have had Bethany as a friend and advocate for me during my experience of labor and birth, and also in the postpartum season. Her presence, prayers, help in physical comfort measures, and words of encouragement were a huge part of what made my labor so joyful (even when some unexpected medical interventions became necessary). She helped create a calm, peace-filled environment that enabled me to feel confident in myself. She was a massive support both to me and my husband, constantly attentive to our needs. She is gentle and steady, and also showed incredible love to our newborn daughter from the moment she entered the world! Birth is an experience that is all at once vulnerable and requiring great strength, and Bethany's personality and heart make her so well suited to accompany a mother in that space. I am forever grateful she was by my side through it. Being able to talk through my birth experience and enjoying her company and help post-partum was such a gift. I simply can't recommend her enough! 


Alexandria DeRose3/23/2023I would highly recommend Bethany to anyone looking for a doula! She was an absolutely incredible post-partum doula for me after my 5th birth, I wish I would have had her for the first 4! She is a personal family friend of ours & from the moment she entered our home as a doula I was blown away by how professional, caring, respectful & attentive she was! She took her role to care for me as the mom seriously & became such an incredible help (that I didn't realize I needed!) She would text me to check in, bring me lactation tea (wow! That was one of my FAVORITE moments post-partum, sipping that delicious tea I would never made myself & didn't realize my body needed!) helped watch my younger boys & even took one of them to his first basketball game & cheered him on when my husband had to work! She cleaned the kitchen up & sat with me to process my birth story, encouraged breastfeeding & was constant a consolation for me to rest. As a mom of 4 already, I was hesitatant to start a doula & I can say 100% without a doubt Bethany was worth every penny! I love her dearly as a friend & now professional & would want every new mom to have the experience of her that I did! Thank you so much Bethany! If you're on the fence, or in any stage of pregnancy, birth, post-partum you won't regret it :) 


Joanne7/29/2022Bethany was the perfect helper during my postpartum season. She was able to stay with my older child so that my husband could stay with me in the hospital after I gave birth. She meal prepped for us, washed dishes and laundry, sat with me as I processed my birth story, encouraged me with breastfeeding, and provided a beautiful sisterly love for my family that I will treasure forever. She is, in my opinion, the perfect mix of helpful, cheerful, and confident.


Nicole Cardone5/8/2022Bethany became like family from the moment she stepped into our lives as our doula. She is professional, timely, and knowledgable about all things baby and mom.  Before baby, she meal-prepped with me and often researched different foods to benefit moms after pregnancy which I believe aided heavily in my quick recovery time. Bethany cleaned, cooked, and watched our daughter so that my husband could still work and I was able to have a time of peace before we brought new life into the world. There were many challenges that I faced before delivery- Bethany is someone who has been gifted with a presence of peace- just her being around calms everyone which led me to never worry with her as my doula. She assisted me in getting baby into the right position and getting mentally prepared for delivery. She set up our living room as an area of respite for me while we waited. (And we waited quite a long time!) Her patience, understanding, and gentleness made the waiting not so bad. She advocated for me to every doctor and midwife, she studied my birth plan and made sure it was put into practice, she created a peaceful play list for me during delivery and when things didn't go as planned- she was unphased and quickly adapted to the situation at hand.  I can't wait to have her with us for future deliveries. Bethany even cleaned my kitchen spotless the morning that she left. I cried for days after she left- wondering how I was going to do things without her and she checked up on me periodically as she continued to work for others. I was astounded. If you want someone who is knowledgable, kind, gentle, and has a presence of peace about them- unphased by adjusting circumstances- then Bethany is the perfect doula for you and your family. Thank you Bethany! 