DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
6 TESTIMONIALS

Brittney Reyes

Bring Your Own Birth

Royersford, PA  Service range 60 miles

http://www.bringyourownbirth.com

Birth Fee

$1200

Postpartum Rate

$35

CONTACT BRITTNEY VIEW BRITTNEY'S AVAILABILITY

Liz Rizzuto7/17/2023Our little girl turning one this month has me reminiscing big time over our preparation for her and the labor & delivery of her. With no risk of sounding cliché, we could not have done it without Britt! This was my second baby. My first being delivered right at the beginning of Covid. I had a lot of anxiety going into this delivery and finding Britt was an answer to my prayers. She was great to coordinate with, sweet and easy to talk to and share my concerns with. We talked through everything about my first L&D and came up with a plan to help put my mind at ease leading up to this one. She gave me methods, exercises, stretches, etc. that were so incredibly knowledgeable and helpful. One of the best things that I felt she gave me, was reassurance and belief in myself that I could control the L&D room. That empowerment was priceless. She helped explain things in the hospital that I didn't understand too. My second L&D was fast and intense, but so rewarding. She was there with us every step of the way and also guiding my husband on the best ways he could help me through it. She stayed with us until I was comfortable and followed up with me in the days after. We scheduled our postpartum visit and I was able to have a companion for an hour and she even helped with the baby and my toddler, so that I could take a shower! We don't know of our future plans yet, but if there is a number 3, we will absolutely be rehiring Britt to help guide us through this journey again. 


Heidi Franklin6/18/2023From the moment I met Brit I knew she would be the perfect match for me during my child birth journey. Her kindness, patience, and warmth is constant. Brit has an array of knowledge but also allows you to discover and voice your opinions or concerns. I felt beyond grateful to have met with, worked with, and to know Brit. 


Samantha Apgar5/17/2023Brit was a calming, steadying and positive  presence when unexpected twists and turns came up. She was always willing to talk through things with me and provide reliable resources. Thanks to her, I felt prepared and supported in making decisions in pregnancy and labor. In the postpartum period she continued to be an invaluable resource, whether it was helping us navigate a gassy baby or giving us our first break to go out for a meal just the two of us. I can't recommend her highly enough!


Maegan Shea11/10/2022Brittney went above and beyond for my husband and me when I was in labor at HUP. I had a long labor and there were a few times where we had to discuss possible interventions. One of my priorities in hiring a doula was having someone who was evidence-driven who could help my husband and me find the space and time (when medically possible) to discuss our options, someone who could help us advocate for clear communication. Brittney was helpful in facilitating our deliberation over our choices, and she also did an excellent job suggesting different birth positions and pain management strategies. She was a soothing, supportive presence throughout, and I'm so glad that she was a part of the birth experience. 


Stephanie V10/9/2022I celebrated the birth of my second child this past September and having Brittney be a part of that journey made such a difference. I did not have a doula with my first child and had a traumatic birth and rough post partum so I knew I would do things differently the second time around. Brittney was very communicative and supportive of my birth vision even when obstacles arose. She is knowledgeable, resourceful but also patient enough to let you navigate what you want for birth and she steps in as needed. She came with me for an ECV prior to labor and was a great advocate for me. I can't even begin to explain how happy and relieved I was she was present during labor. She was a calming presence and I would highly recommend her no matter what type of delivery you are planning. 


Kasey Le9/21/2022I recommend Brittney to anyone looking for a doula that I know is having a baby. After lots of personal research in planning my labor and delivery I thought it would be wise to have another support person there, not only for me, but also for my husband. Her guidance and support in the delivery room was very calming and nothing but helpful. To get me to that point prior to delivery day, she checked-in, asked how things were progressing, provided me with positioning and movement tips to get me and my baby ready for delivery day. Her expertise, advice, referrals, and support around all things pregnancy, birth, breastfeeding, and postpartum were so helpful and very comforting. We weren’t the only ones impressed with her doula skills, as the delivery nurse praising Brittney for her amazing support the entire time. I was very grateful to have Brittney with me during my non-medicated delivery plan. She helped keep me focused and ensured me that everything we were doing was only helping me progress. After 9 hours of laboring in the delivery room I was blessed to have her by my side as we welcomed our baby boy.