DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
6 TESTIMONIALS

Brittany Diehl

Birth Doula Britt

Dover, PA  Service range 30 miles

7174790315

Birth Fee

$800

CONTACT BRITTANY VIEW BRITTANY'S AVAILABILITY

Mariah Biesecker8/4/2023I feel like I should start from the very beginning when I first heard about doulas. I started looking more into them and found Brittany. I contacted her on Instagram and she answered any and all questions I had which were a lot haha. We kept in touch and this was before I had even booked her. Once she came to my house and met with myself and my husband I knew what I wanted her to be at my birth. She was truly amazing. I ended up having my son 10 days early and when my husband messaged her saying we were at the hospital she showed up immediately. Brittany helped set the mood that I wanted in my delivery room to help keep me calm and focused during labor. I truly mean it when I say if it weren't for Brittany I wouldn't have been able to have the birth of my dreams. My birth experience was perfect and I owe it all to her. After a 30 hour labor and pushing for 4 hours I was able to do everything naturally which is what I wanted. Through all the pain and tears Brittany made sure to keep telling me that I could do this! She's amazing at what she does and I recommend her to everyone! 


Ying Barton6/3/2023Choosing Brittany to be my doula was the best decision I could’ve made for me and my baby. She was very informative, patient and professional. Being first time parents we had no idea what to expect and had so many questions. She provided a lot of guidance and reassurance throughout the whole process. I was very adamant about having a natural birth and she advocated for me when the nurses tried to change my plans. She was amazing and stayed on top of everything during my 30 hour labor. I wish I could’ve had two of her in the delivery room! Because of her I was able to have the natural birth I wanted and it was such an amazing first experience that I already wanted another baby the next day! I can’t recommend Brittany enough and plan to have her as my doula for all my babies.


Morgan Snurr2/13/2023Having Brittany as our doula truly was life changing! After a traumatic delivery with my first child, I had a lot of anxiety surrounding birth, but Brittany helped me feel calmer from her first visit with us. She was able to share information with me consistently throughout the end of my pregnancy to help me prepare, and supported me fully through some difficult decisions. Brittany arrived at the hospital completely ready to go - she helped to make the hospital room a calm space and have suggestions for what to do next. She truly carried me through each contraction until the very end and even after. Brittany's presence made a huge difference in my birth experience. She helped me have the birth I'd hoped for, which was very healing for both my partner and myself. We continue to talk about how wonderful the experience was and how amazing it was to have her there with us! 


Olivia Hull1/29/2023I would recommend Brittany to ANYONE. She takes the time to not only educate on certain things with labor/delivery, but also listens to your wants and needs to create the best birth plan. She is a huge asset during labor/delivery, but also care during postpartum.It showed how much she loves being a doula when she got just as emotional with the birth of my baby as my own family in the room. I'm so glad I had her through it all! 


Chrissy Ellis12/30/2022I honestly can't imagine my birthing experience without Brittany. She helped me maintain a relaxing environment all while being my main support person and advocating for me from the time I got to the hospital until after my daughter was born. She captured special moments for me that I didn't know I would appreciate so much after. She did an amazing job at getting me through my contractions, what seemed to be unbearable pain was tolerable with her knowledge of applying counter pressure and heat in all the right places. She kept me moving and helped me labor in different positions so I wasn't on my back the entire time. I feel like it's hard to remember all the things you "should do" in the moment, especially with your first child. I do not think I would have had the birth experience I wanted without her, I am thankful I had her to help me through my delivery without an epidural. I highly recommend her for yours. She is so kind, passionate, and caring. She will  advocate for you and be your voice. I  personally thing everyone should have a doula, it really just makes the experience so much better. 


Tiffany Huff12/29/2022Having Brittany as my doula was the best decision I ever made! Before I went into labor, she made sure to meet with me and my husband to get a feel of how we want the labor to go, things I wanted/didn't want to do while in labor. She advocated for me with the nurses and gave me alternative ways to labor and different pain management options. Things I wouldn't have known if it wasn't for her. Having her there helped me labor on my own without an epidural for a long time, and when I had to have an emergency c-section, she was there to support my husband through it since he wasn't allowed in the OR with me. Brittany captured the moment my husband met our son and when I met our son. Without her, I wouldn't have those pictures and videos that I will now cherish forever. Brittany was extremely supportive before, during, and after labor. She even made us a breakfast casserole after we came home from the hospital. I recommend Brittany to anyone who wants to have a doula with them while their in labor, and I will definitely have her with me when I have my next baby!