DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
2 TESTIMONIALS

Carol Cook, CD

Gentle Birth Doula

Gettysburg, PA  Service range 40 miles

717-398-4732

https://www.facebook.com/groups/425109960999878

Birth Fee

$500 to $1000

Postpartum Rate

$25 to $50

VIEW CAROL'S AVAILABILITY

Christie11/9/2021Carol was an incredible guide and encouraging presence during my extensive prodromal labor and then 33 hour active labor. Sadly, my doctor, who was supportive of natural birth, was out of state when I finally went into labor. The doctor I received was less than thrilled that I didn't want an epidural and that I was undeterred by his consistent threats of cesarean. Carol kept a level head and rational voice through it all. Her careful eye on my progress was essential to me sleeping, moving, and eating, as were her kind words-telling me I was doing great through it all, which was something anyone in labor needs to hear.We were in those last hours and it seemed like my little one was just not interested in exiting no matter how many massage, baths, etc., we did. Carol skillfully used a rebozo cloth to apply gentle pressure and lift my belly to reposition my low-lying little guy, and that sent me directly into transition. One literal push later and our man rocketed into the world (literally-the doctor almost missed him).I'm so happy she was with us during the entire process and would recommend her to anyone needing a warm, skillful labor guide. 


Jessica Maza9/16/2021Carol was the most crucial person on my birth team. I wanted to labor at home for as long as I could, and she made that possible. Her confidence in me allowed me to remain relaxed during labor. She helped me prepare throughout my pregnancy with wonderful resources, and was always there to comfort me when fears popped up. Her energy was so calming, that when labor began, I fully trusted my body to do what it was meant to do. She escorted me to the hospital and I delivered my baby within 30 minutes of arrival! If I did not have her there, I would have gone to the hospital prematurely, and would have likely had unnecessary medical interventions. Carol was an amazing support!