DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
3 TESTIMONIALS

Chloe Ruschmeyer

Womb Chakra Wellness

Doylestown, PA  Service range 50 miles

Birth Fee

$950 to $1400

CONTACT CHLOE VIEW CHLOE'S AVAILABILITY

Danielle5/30/2023Chloe is one of the most kind and patient people I've ever met. She's also extremely knowledgeable of the birthing process due to her background in healthcare. If you are looking for additional support during (and after) your pregnancy, I'd highly recommend Chloe Ruschmeyer! 


Lexi Polmann5/26/2022I was lucky enough to have Chloe as my doula throughout my pregnancy. Not only did Chloe provide me with me an abundance of helpful information to ensure that I had the healthiest pregnancy possible, she also gave me endless support. Pregnancy can be frightening (especially for first-time mom's)! Throughout each trimester, one may experience an array of different emotions. I am lucky enough to say that Chloe was there for each and every phase. Anytime I needed her, she was there on standby. In my opinion, it's essential to have someone like this throughout your pregnancy. Chloe's soul has a calming nature, which is why she is meant to be a doula. During my labor, Chloe provided me with an abundance of nonpharmacological measures for pain management. These included massage, essential oils, guided imagery, and rhythmic breathing. All of which helped me progress through my labor calmy and fearlessly. With the support of Chloe, I felt safe. During the height of my contractions, it was easy to lose focus on my breathing, however, Chloe always redirected and grounded me. It was honor to have Chloe as my doula and I plan on utilizing her guiding spirit for my future pregnancies. 10/10 recommend!!!!! 


Lexi Polmann5/26/2022I was lucky enough to have Chloe as my doula throughout my pregnancy. Not only did Chloe provide me with me an abundance of helpful information to ensure that I had the healthiest pregnancy possible, she also gave me endless support. Pregnancy can be frightening (especially for first-time mom's)! Throughout each trimester, one may experience an array of different emotions. I am lucky enough to say that Chloe was there for each and every phase. Anytime I needed her, she was there on standby. In my opinion, it's essential to have someone like this throughout your pregnancy. Chloe's soul has a calming nature, which is why she is meant to be a doula. During my labor, Chloe provided me with an abundance of nonpharmacological measures for pain management. These included massage, essential oils, guided imagery, and rhythmic breathing. All of which helped me progress through my labor calmy and fearlessly. With the support of Chloe, I felt safe. During the height of my contractions, it was easy to lose focus on my breathing, however, Chloe always redirected and grounded me. It was honor to have Chloe as my doula and I plan on utilizing her guiding spirit for my future pregnancies. 10/10 recommend!!!!! 