DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Christine Economou Olson

CEO Doula Services

Allentown, PA  Service range 25 miles  $25 travel fee farther than 25 miles

6107396989

Birth Fee

$500 to $900

Postpartum Rate

$50

CONTACT CHRISTINE VIEW CHRISTINE'S AVAILABILITY

Lauren Alkhal8/5/2023Chris is a true embodiment of the word doula, a woman of service. After our initial meeting, I knew she was the one to help support our family. Chris has a way of making you feel instantly comfortable and creates a space where you can have conversations with out being judged on your birth preferences. Her mission is to support you in the best way that is unique to each person. Chris has a wealth of knowledge from her life experiences and career. She also has an amazing resource list, I was in need of some bodywork and she connected me to a chiropractor and massage therapist specializing in prenatal care. If you have concerns she will instantly reach out to her network to get you the information. I wasn't sure which breast pump to get and how to introduce our dogs to our baby. She reached out to professionals to provide me with the best options. I have never had someone go above and beyond to provide me the level of care and support I needed the way she did. Chris truly shines in the moments building up to birth. I had a long labor and Chris was there to not only relieve a lot of my pain, but made it possible so my husband could take breaks as well. I look back on my birth so fondly because of moments Chris made beautiful. She is proactive from helping massage tension away, to holding a calming essential oil under your nose to help you go deeper in breathing, to hydration. She is a natural with people, Chris keeps the calm and peace present.She is a true champion for your birthing process and beyond. Chris knew my biggest goal was to be able to breastfeed my son. I was having trouble getting him to latch and she made time to come over multiple times and help teach me.I am forever grateful to Chris. I highly recommend her, you will not be disappointed! I did not know it was possible to feel so heard and seen, having Chris by my side is what made this experience so memorable and beautiful. 


Rebecca H7/11/2023So prior to having Chris as my doula, I never truly knew what they did. I mean I heard of them but thought it was a midwife(also never really knew entirely what they did either). I heard about Chris through a friend and decided to try it but didn't know how it would work since I was having a c-section and I've been a 2 time mom now. But my last pregnancy was a girl and I had no idea what that entailed because I had 2 boys. Anyway she said she could help and with the fact I wanted to breastfeed again she said she can help with that too. I never knew how much of a friend and wonderful support I could have with doing this. And I gained that and I never felt judged. Chris also helped me after my daughter was born(I split it into 2 separate visits) the first time I really was nervous and didn't want her cleaning my home due to I should be doing that. Well I got over that. This time she said go sleep, I'll take care of the two little ones. I slept great knowing my babies were well taken care of. If you want someone who will listen and advocate, but also show you love and compassion, and be a best friend...I suggest Chris. 


Jessica Witkowski3/14/2023Just six weeks ago, my Kylie LuAnn graced the world with her joy, smile, and warmest baby snuggles. ?? For the last six weeks, I've cried tears of happiness alongside tears of exhaustion. I've felt overwhelming love of being a new mom alongside overwhelming fear of motherhood. My Kylie Lu is my whole world and I would not have gotten through delivery, or the last six weeks of being her mommy without the world of people sharing their support.One of the biggest supports that Marcus and I have had throughout the last few months has been with an amazing woman named Chris. Chris started out as just a doula and then through the process of her love, support, and guidance during the birth of Kylie, she became a friend, confidant, Theia to our baby, and blessing all wrapped in one beautiful human.She taught me the power of my breathe as a coping mechanism for my anxiety and fear. She showed me that I was capable of doing the greatest thing of delivering my daughter. Chris has gone above and beyond for my family and I in so many ways. She stayed with me during the entirity of my induction and labor. She was the emotional rock my boyfriend and sister needed when my vaginal delivery turned into a C-Section. She has helped me in numerous ways post partum, such as caring for Kylie while her daddy and I get rest, helping us clean our messy apartment of bottles and burp clothes laying about, and is just a text or call away when my new mom anxiety kicks in.Chris Economou Olson, Marcus and I are forever grateful to you for helping us bring our baby girl into this world, for supporting us as new parents, and guiding us in this new adventure of love. Kylie loves her Theia Chris so much!If you're pregnant and have any interest in having a labor doula or post partum doula, Marcus and I recommend Chris wholeheartedly! She is the biggest blessing we didn't know we needed until she came into our lives. 