DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 CERTIFICATIONS
20 TESTIMONIALS

Corey Strouse, CD, CPD, HCHD, CLC, RMT, CR

PA Doula and Wellness LLC

State College, PA  Service range 70 miles

(814) 574-5720

http://www.padoula.com

Birth Fee

$800 to $1200

Postpartum Rate

$25 to $40

Availability Remarks: 22 years experience providing professional, caring, nonjudgmental doula, childbirth education, lactation, and wellness services to families in State College and surrounding Central Pennsylvania areas.

CONTACT COREY VIEW COREY'S AVAILABILITY

Marissa Jabco1/31/2021Corey supported us through my recent VBAC. Her evidence-based knowledge, coupled with her compassionate and caring personality was priceless in preparation for and during my VBAC. She answered questions promptly throughout my entire pregnancy, supported our decisions, and prepared us to advocate for the birth we were hoping to have. Having her at our birth was essential for me to remain calm and focus on laboring as she provided many positional changes, pain management techniques, reassurance, and positive support. Without Corey, I’m not sure our birth experience would of been as positive as it was. We are so happy we had her at our birth and we 100% recommend her for any birthing needs!


Christine Hemeryck Walsh7/11/2015Corey was amazing support during my second labor. She coached me through two weeks (!) of prelabor, keeping me calm and letting me know it was all normal. When things finally started, she raced to the hospital to make sure she was there in time and really kept me from panicking during a very unexpectedly rushed birth. It was exactly the birth experience Iwoul dhave wnted, if I'd even known it was possible. I also treasure my daughter's birth story she wrote for us, becase it all happened so fast I can hardly remember it.


Marley Evans4/12/2015Corey was my doula this past fall (2014) for my VBAC. I had a 4 hour labor (and got to the hospital after 3 of those hours), so Corey wasn't with me for a lot of my short labor. After the birth, my husband and I looked at each other and asked each other if hiring Corey was worth it (after such a fast labor). We both immediately answered, "Yes!" Corey gave me so much confidence and calm prior to my son being born. She was very encouraging. And when she arrived at the hospital, I was freaking out (labor is hard!). She looked at me and just told me to breath and be calm. I was able to relax and get through the contractions. If you are looking for a doula, you will love Corey. I never felt like she was pushing her opinion on me and I always felt supported. We love Corey!


John Franklin Egan3/17/2015Corey was a wonderful doula, and I’m very happy for her help bringing our daughter Rosalyn into the world. Leading up to the birth, our meetings and conversations really helped us to feel like we were making good decisions concerning my wife’s medical care. Corey was also very responsive to last minute phone calls and emails as we worked through plans and anxieties for the big day. During labor, my wife was somehow a bit preoccupied, and doesn’t remember much about interacting with Corey. She was glad to know, however, that we had support during the birth. I remember Corey as being incredibly calming for everyone involved. We arrived at the hospital just before her, and as we were checking in with the nurses, they asked me who our doula was. When I told them Corey Strouse, the nurses all replied, “Oh good, you are in good hands with Corey.” She really helped my wife maintain a positive and focused mindset and also helped me to be a more helpful and encouraging partner. During the first few weeks, Rosalyn was often very “fussy”, to use the current euphemism for hysterical newborn behavior. My wife and I were very anxious and sleep-deprived, and her visit to our house two weeks post-partum was very reassuring and helped me to see that there would be a light at the end of the tunnel. Now five months old, Rosalyn is a smiling, laughing little baby and a daily source of joy for her parents. Thanks Corey, for all your work helping families receive such blessings in their lives.


Sara DiCaglio3/17/2015Corey attended my first birth. She was a tremendous support, even as a long induced labor meant that the experience didn't go exactly as I'd hoped. She was there to help me make decisions that were difficult for me to make, providing non-judgmental support and the reassurance that I was making the right decision for me at the time. She was a calming presence for both me and my husband, and always was there with a cold cloth or ice chips exactly when I needed it. And then, after the birth, she showed up with beautiful pictures of our labor experience that I will always cherish. I can't recommend Corey enough for any expectant parents--her knowledge and calming presence are so helpful during the labor process!


Kelly Hoffheins3/12/2015Corey was our doula for both of my children's births. My first was born in July 2012. After a very long labor, we delivered with minimal intervention (breaking my water being the only intervention). Corey was so helpful and supportive as I labored all those hours and I believe without her help the labor may have lasted even longer and needed more intervention. Corey had us do specific exercises to help the baby get into proper position and move down until my contractions became more regular. Once we got to the hospital Corey was very knowledgeable of the staff, supplies etc and generally made us much more comfortable at the hospital when it can be a scary experience.My second child was born July 2014 and he was nearly 3 weeks early. My water broke without other signs of labor. Corey was very helpful providing support and information to help us make decisions from there. Ultimately due to breech presentation the baby was born via c-section. I was honestly so scared as I had imagined it would be a similar birth as my first, however Corey was extremely supportive. Corey was wonderful in a much different way this time.Overall, Corey was amazing and I am so thankful we had her there for our births.Corey also encapsulated my placenta with the second birth and she did a terrific job. I am so happy she provides this service as well and would definitely do it again!


Stephanie Herb3/12/2015I hired Corey when I found out I was having twins. I had wanted as natural a birth as possible, and in my initial meeting with Corey, felt like she would be the person to help my husband and I navigate the hospital birth. All of the nurses and doctors at Mount Nittany knew her and had nothing but positive things to say. We found out around 32 weeks that baby A was breech, and that I would likely have to have a cesarean. I was initially devastated because surgery is as far from a natural birth as I could go. Corey walked me through many exercises I could do to encourage baby A to flip. Whenever I updated her via email, Corey always told me to keep working on the things we had talked about, but also reminded me that regardless of what happened I was going to have a great birth. She explained all of the things that could happen in the delivery room, which helped me physically and mentally prepare for all possible outcomes. In the end, baby A stayed breech, and at 37w1d I went into labor and had my babies less than 2 hours after arriving at the hospital. Corey was with me before the procedure to help me relax, and to remind me again that I did everything I could to get baby A into the right position and to believe that I was still going to have a wonderful birth. She was also waiting in the room after the procedure was done and continued to help me relax while I waited for my babies and husband to return from the nursery. I left the hospital feeling guilt-free about the cesarean thanks to Corey's gentle reminders and support. At our postpartum visit, she gave me a CD with photos she had taken of me in labor and when my babies were finally brought to me in the recovery room, which helped capture unforgettable moments that were not possible for my husband or I to get on our own. I would highly recommend Corey as a doula, and would go with her again should we choose to have more children.


Kristin James3/11/2015Corey attended the birth of our first son in 2012 and we are planning to have her attend the birth of our second son this summer (2015)! She is extremely knowledgeable and kind. Having her present for my labor in the hospital helped both me and my husband greatly. It was so reassuring to have her with us to guide us through decisions and help with positioning and relaxation. My husband was able to focus on comforting me instead of thinking about positions or immediate responses to the doctors. Corey was invaluable to us and allowed me to have the birth I hoped I would have with our first son (low intervention, no medication) and hope to have with our second. I would recommend her to anyone!


Faith Ryan3/10/2015Corey was recommended to me by a friend and I was thrilled to learn that she was very down to earth, friendly and real. She was just what I needed when I was feeling frustrated and overloaded by all the information and opinons that others wanted to lay on me about the "right way" to give birth. Although my labor and delivery required some intervention and I did not have the non-medicated birth experience I had hoped for, Corey helped me to feel in control. When I wanted to give up, she reminded me that I was the only one who could do it. With her help, I was able to stay unmedicated for 20 hours of a 32-hour labor and delivery. If there is anything I learned from Corey it is that babies do whatever they want and arrive whenever they want. Giving birth to my daughter was THE most amazing and empowering moment of my life and while most of my memory is pretty fuzzy, I do remember those final pushes and hearing Corey tell me not to be scared and that, soon, I would be meeting my baby. The pictures that Corey took during and after delivery are so special to us. My husband and I burst into tears every time we page though them. Ok, I admit it. I am crying now just thinking about it. Corey helped me to have a happy and healthy birthing experience and we look forward to when we can call upon her services again in the very near future.


Christa Rampulla Harper3/10/2015After struggling with infertility issues for several years, my husband and I FINALLY were expecting. I had spent so much time thinking about being pregnant and preparing that I was absolutely sure I wanted to do everything in my power to have a natural, unmedicated birth. For me, that meant having someone on my side who was familiar with and knowledgable of hospital birthing procedures who would support and help enforce my birthing decisions. For these reasons I decided to hire a doula and after meeting with Corey for the initial interview we knew she was the right person.Corey spent an incredible amount of time with my husband and me. She not only got to know our desires and birth wishes, but made sure she spent time getting to know us as just people as well which really meant a lot to us considering she would be with us on one of the biggest days of our lives. We both appreciated that she was always very informative at each of our prenatal appointments but she made sure to always be impartial and never judgemental. Throughout the labor I couldn't have asked for a better support system and was able to have the birth I wanted. The photos and birth story provided afterwards were a wonderful keepsake and beautifully and tastefully documented.The thing that impressed me and continues to impress me about Corey is that the relationship with her didnt end once my son was born. I am writing this review a year from the birth of my son. She was and continues to be a great contact for me to ask nursing or parenting questions to.


Kyla Edwards Maldonado3/10/2015I waited until nearly a month before my due date to finally decide that I needed to have a doula with me for the birth of my first baby.  I contacted Corey after hearing a rave review from a previous client.  She got back to me right away and luckily was available for my birth.  We met twice beforehand, at which time, she provided so much helpful information about all the unknowns that can happen during birth.  She was so receptive to all of our questions and made us feel very relaxed and prepared for childbirth.  As luck would have it, my birth took a much different course than I had hoped.  While it wasn't ideal, it was an amazing experience nonetheless.  I was so thankful to have Corey with us during the experience.  Thanks to her support, experience and knowledege, I was able to feel confident in the decisions I made during my birthing experience.  Even better, I can look back on the experience with no regrets.  I hope to be lucky enough to have Corey by my side again someday!


Carrie Miller3/8/2015Corey was our doula for the birth of our second child this past August.  We did not have a doula at the birth of our first and always wondered if we should have.  Corey was professional, friendly, and caring from the moment we first met her.  We really appreciated that she was always willing to meet with us in the evenings in our own home, the best option for us since we were two working parents with a young child at home.  She really got a feel for what we desired during our son's delivery through these meetings, answered all the questions we had, and provided us with great information to prep us for the birth.  When our son's birth day arrived, we felt so comfortable knowing she would be by our side.  Because it was our second child, it was an incredibly fast and intense delivery. She really helped me stay on top of my breathing while being reassuring and calming.  With her support we were able to deliver our son with a second natural, unmedicated birth.  My husband and I both agree that she really made our second child's birth an even more wonderful experience.  We really wish that we had worked with her for the birth of our first child.  She also helped us document the birth by taking pictures and writing up a sweet birth story that we'll be able to give to our son when he's older.  If we are ever blessed with a third child, we would love to have Corey as our doula again!


Sabrina Infante12/14/2013Corey was a godsent before, during and after the birth! Her knowledge was so essential to our peace of mind, and her gentle guidance was key to our successful decision making. Her presence and assistance is one of the most helpful things I could have imagined. If I look back at the birth of my son as a positive experience, it is mostly because of Corey's support in so many ways. She discussed various options with me when unexpected circumstances arose, which, because of my complete trust in her, was much more helpful than speaking only with the doctor. I felt relaxed and confident during one of the most potentially scary experiences of a lifetime. Her hands-on assistance was magical; when I felt hot, all of a sudden someone was fanning me, and when I was getting hotter, cold rags appeared too. Her help and services were beneficial to both me AND my husband, from start to finish, and I can't recommend her more highly. Corey on your team is the winning team.


Shannon Gibson7/2/2013Corey was our doula in the birth of our daughter that was born on June 3, 2013. Corey was wonderful from the beginning to the end. My birth experience was exactly what I had hoped for - non medicated and without complications. Corey had helped me to stay calm, relaxed and focused. She was there for every single contraction helping me to do this. She gave me words of encouragement when I needed it, but also stayed quiet and kept a relaxing atmosphere when I needed that as well. She was there to give me the birth experience that I wanted (with emphasis on "what I wanted"). I would highly recommend Corey to any other mothers who are looking for a doula that will help you achieve what you are looking to achieve. Corey was also wonderful in making sure my husband was included and encouraged in the delivery process.The day after I delivered, the doctor who we had for delivery (which is a doctor from Mt Nittany Physician Group) came to check on me. He said that he has worked with a lot of different doulas over the years and feels as though a lot of them are jokes. However he said that he is always happy to see when Corey is in the room. And thinks that she is a great doula. It made me smile because I knew that meant a lot coming from this particular doctor.I felt like Corey worked wonderfully with the nurses and doctor at Mt Nittany Medical Center. She knew all of them. And they were all thrilled to see her. One nurse even commented that Corey makes her job a lot easier. This made the experience even better because if they did not like her or her work, my experience may have been very different. It is important to have synergy between everyone on your birth team.


Mandy Sergent2/25/2013I had a fairly easy pregnancy. Still, Corey was there as a supportive ear when I wanted to vent. Towards the end of my pregnancy, her support became even more important. As we approached our due date, the doctors suggested induction. At times, the doctors "scare tactics" were pretty convincing, but Corey was always available to help us understand  whether or not there was any real danger.During pregnancy, my husband and I attended Brio birth classes, studied Hypnobirthing and read countless books. We felt very calm and prepared as we approached our due date. However, once labor started, we felt as if we knew nothing. The first few hours of labor, before we called Corey, were really rough and I didn't think it would be possible for me to deliver my son without an epidural. Once we called Corey, things turned around. I truly believe that Corey saved the day. Having her there to reassure me that everything was going normally was exactly what I needed to relax and stay on top of my contractions. When I did start to struggle, Corey was there to talk me through it. She took great care of me, adjusting the room temperature, handing me cool washcloths, helping me make decisions and offering suggestions when I asked for them. We ended up having a very positive hospital birth experience with very little intervention.After we returned home, Corey continued to be supportive as I dealt with some crazy hormonal shifts. She came to visit and brought our baby's birth story which was complete with pictures. I have no idea how she managed to take these photos without me even noticing, but I love that we have them! I am so grateful for Corey's help throughout the whole pregnancy, delivery, and postpartum period. I highly recommend Corey's services to any pregnant woman. I'm not sure that I'd want to go through the process again without her!


Aleksandra2/6/2013Delivery of our Baby started the most extraordinary experience in our life. Having Corey prepare us for the day our Baby showed up was the best thing! We felt ready and well informed. Knowing that Corey will be with us from the very first moment gave us assurance and confidence. Her constant guidance and tremendous knowledge left no room for worries or concerns. I felt peace and trust and I could focus solely on my Tiny New Little Person. I knew that even if anything unexpected happened, she would help me make the best choice possible. I wish every future mom to have such a great experience and birth companion. Thank you Corey!


Ona Feinberg2/5/2013We have had the pleasure of Corey's presence at all 3 of our births. There are so many things we loved and appreciated about Corey. She really got to know us before our birth, and took the time to talk to us about our expectations for the big day. She really balances talking about the parents' wants and needs with what the local hospital will actually be able to offer, and she helped us firm up our birth plan (all the while reminding us of its flexible nature....) Corey was always availble via email and phone for any questions, and she was genuinly interested in my pregnancy concerns, and my questions about labor. Her system of talking about pain management was so honest and helpful! During labor itself, Corey was there to help comfort me, and also to remind us of the things we wanted. She encouraged without being overwhelming or intense.I can't imagine a better doula experience. She was there as a support and a help - but was not in the way one bit. After my first child, Corey was always quickly emailed after a positive pregnancy test... we always wanted to make sure she had us penciled in. :-) 


Denise Rupert2/3/2013Corey Strouse attended three of my four children's births. When my first son was born, it was a nightmare. My husband and I had attended childbirth classes and had a birth plan, but nothing was what we expected.  So when I because pregnant the second time, I asked the doctor and midwives for suggestions to improve the birth. They suggested a doula. What an amazing difference it was. The birth was actually amazing. Because my goals had been clearly outlined when I doubted myself, we would evaluate together and I was empowered my make the best decisions for my daughter. The midwive actually didn't believe I was ready to deliver because I was so relaxed and at peace (I didn't have pain relief of any type.) For my third child Corey was there supporting me and cheering for me as I delivered a 10 pound 8 oz baby boy with minimum medical interventions.  My fourth child was the where Corey's support really made a difference. I was being pressured by my doctor's partners for extreme medical intervenes. My doctor didn't feel they were needed, but she was not the doctor on call, so I had to be my own advocate. Corey was there, not making any medical decisions, but supporting me in what I know was the best choices for me and my family. This was especially important because of how overbearing the doctor was, in trying to bully me into having procedures that I did not medically need nor want. My daughter was born again with minimal medical interventions and extremely healthy.  Corey's support also helped my husband. Instead of having to be my coach and advocate, he was able to be my partner and expectant father. I would strongly recommend Corey as a doula for any expectant parents. She skills and knowledge are outstanding, but her personality that works with the staff, family, and expectant parents is what really shines.   


Trista Wilson1/29/2013My first child was born via a c-section in 2005 so when I got pregnant in  2011 I knew I wanted a different birth. That's when I searched & found Corey! She was so friendly & warm right from the get go.  I explained how important a natrual VBAC was to me. Corey made me feel very confident in my ability to achieve this. Corey  helped me make my plan and also the epidural contract. This contract outlined the steps which would be taken if I asked for the epidural.  The day I went into labor  we called Corey, she talked to me a bit  & asked if we wanted her to meet us at the hospital or wait to see if they admitted me,  we just had her wait. We called to update Corey and she again asked what we wanted her to do. This was great in my opinion, it showed she really was there just for me. I think it was about 2 or 3 in the morning when she did arrive, everything was a blur at that point, I was in so much pain. The minute I heard Corey telling me to do postivie self talk I knew I would make it all natural. Her voice and presence really helped me stay grounded. Corey always told me "When you think you can't go anymore, that's usually all the further you have to go." and she was right.  Thanks to Corey I was able to have my VBAC with minimal interventions. She took some great photos and wrote a very emotional birth story for me which she gave to me at my post partum meeting. I can't stress enough how wonderful it was to have someone by my side during my pregnancy and especially my birth. My husband was there of course but Corey knew just what I needed to hear and when I needed to hear it. I highly recommend hiring a doula for your next birth. I know the next time we get pregnant the first person I will be talking to will be Corey! She is an Angel and no words can ever express how thankful I am for her.


Samantha Weaver1/28/2013 I have used Corey twice; once in October 2010 for the birth of my first son which ended in a cesarean section due to the cord being around his neck five times and then again in September 2012 for the birth of my second son which ended as a successful VBAC (vaginal birth after cesarean).Corey provided me and my husband with continuous support for my first son for 36 hours. She came to our home and suggested many things to try and get my labor started after my water broke. She then came to the hospital and was with us through many hours of labor with pitocin and no pain medication, labor with pain medication and eventually through the decision to go ahead with the cesarean section. She was pivotal at helping me and my husband process and accept that the outcome of my birth was not my fault.When we found out we were expecting again the first words out of my husbands mouth, "We are having Corey again right?" She provided continuous support to me and my husband for 65 hours of prodromal and active labor. She came to my home, went to the hospital, continued to keep in touch through the night (as I was sent home after the hospital), again came to my home and provided me with suggestions to try and reposition the baby (we suspected my prodromal labor was being caused from poor positioning) and again back to the hospital. At the hospital she provided support through out the night and next morning, making suggestions to help labor along until after 2.5 hours of pushing we welcomed our VBAC baby boy into the world. She would remind me of my birth plan and wishes throughout my birth. She would never speak for us. She would help us process and understand what the medical professionals were saying. My husband and I cannot speak highly enough about the support Corey provides as a doula. If we choose to grow our family we will be contacting Corey again.