DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Dauphin County Doulas, LLC

Harrisburg, PA  Service range 60 miles

717-329-6479

https://www.dauphincountydoulas.com

Birth Fee

$1150 to $1450

Postpartum Rate

$25 to $40

CONTACT SEARCH AGENCY DOULAS

Melissa Runkle5/1/2023I reached out to Amy regarding a postpartum doula for my third pregnancy and cannot say enough great things about this experience. It all started with my informational call with Amy where she spent over an hour with me on the phone as I discussed my situation at home. I appreciated her kindness in listening when I needed it.Julia is the postpartum doula I was matched with. Words do not accurately describe the amazing experience I have had with her. She has been such an emotional support to me which I have needed based on other circumstances at home. In additional to helping care for other children when they were home to dishes and laundry, she organized the entire nursery that want ready since my son arrived early. She organized my others boys’ closet, helped declutter the toys on our living room and come up with a system to rotate our toys. All of these things will make life more manageable after our time together ends and is setting me up for success. I am so grateful for this experience and highly recommend this to anyone having a baby. It is an investment in yourself and worth every penny.


Chelsea Lamey4/27/2023We have worked with Amy through the births of both of our kiddos, and she played a critical role in making them empowering, incredible experiences. Amy‘s guidance and support was not only important during birth, she also helped through many issues in pregnancy and postpartum (back issues, breastfeeding support, anxiety, etc). She provides a clear recommendation and perspective when you need it, but also respects and supports the decision you make as a parent. We had some experiences with the other doulas in DCD as well and they were all helpful and supportive. Our friend recently shared she was pregnant and we told her to do one thing- get connected with Amy! We highly recommend you do the same!


Megan Seidel12/24/2022I highly recommend Dauphin County Doulas for post partum care.  Julia, Lindsay, and Darbey were all incredibly helpful, caring, sweet, and reliable.  Because of them I was able to get the rest I needed to recover and they helped my 2 year old get enough attention and accept the new baby. Additionally they were fantastic with the baby and helped me complete light meals and tidying up.  I couldn't have made it through that difficult 4th trimester without them! 