DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
4 TESTIMONIALS

Gabi VanLeer

Labor of Love Doula Services

Norristown, PA  Service range 25 miles

215-527-3788

https://www.lofldoulaservices.com

Birth Fee

$1000

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $40

CONTACT GABI VIEW GABI'S AVAILABILITY

Samantha5/2/2022If you are looking for a passionate, local doula; look no further. Upon our first conversation I knew Gabi was educated and non-judgement with a soothing personality that aligned with both myself and my husband. Gabi answered my questions, but also validated my anxious feelings since we had a many complications and miscarriages early on.  I could tell right away that her compassion is true and genuine and I loved that without really knowing me, she understood me and helped to ease my fears and anxiety. Once I signed the contract I was pleasantly surprised when Gabi checked in almost weekly throughout pregnancy, always promptly responded to my texts with questions/concerns, and shared her resources with both me and my husband. This helped us to feel empowered and allowed us to map out our ideal birth plan while reviewing all of the possibilities (since things do not go according to plan). It was obvious that she truly cared about getting to know both of us, not just getting us through the pregnancy.My experience with labor was beautiful because of the knowledge and preparation Gabi provided for us. She provides a personal, yet professional experience to cater to the specific desires and needs of her clients. Importantly, our baby was born during the COVID-19 pandemic and Gabi was a consistent wealth of current information, plus she caters to dad as well as mom which made a huge difference in the delivery room. Being parents is exceeding our expectations and beginning this journey with Gabi made all the difference...so, if you are looking for a passionate, local doula; look no further. She supported us during pregnancy, birth, and continues to check in on the entire family postpartum!


Jenny Luckangelo4/25/2022Working with Gabi throughout my pregnancy and labor has been nothing but incredible! I came to Gabi during my second pregnancy to help with prior trauma involving a c-section and because of Gabi, I was able to get my VBAC! All throughout my pregnancy, Gabi constantly reminded me that I have a voice, my feelings are valid, and that I can decline any medical intervention as long as baby and myself are safe and healthy. Having someone by your side who is knowledgeable of the birthing world and truly wants the best outcome for you is indescribable. She made me feel empowered even when I had to make tough decisions. Gabi did such a great job helping me cope with labor pains and getting me through each contraction. Even after birth, my husband felt like he was also supported, and that Gabi involved him in every single step of the way! We couldn't have asked for a better person to be on our side and to be there to help welcome our baby into the world. I feel like Gabi is family because of how much we communicated over the past months. She truly does listen to every thought and concern and makes us feel like we can overcome anything! 


Jenny Hanes4/25/2022I just want to preface I'm sorry for the long review but Gabi is so worth it!!I am just here to say that if you need a birth or postpartum doula - Gabi should be your absolute go to! When I say Gabi was the most reassuring, kind-hearted, and knowledgeable doula - I am not kidding. From the moment we talked, we clicked. I felt heard, listed to and like I was in great hands from the start. The communication was constant and Gabi would make sure to always follow up with me on days I had apts/ultrasounds and was always available if I ever needed her. My husband and I truly felt like she was family and a part of our birth team! Now once labor started, I knew I could rely on Gabi and she exceeded any expectations we had. Gabi made my husband and I feel comfortable, confident and informed the entire time. I truly could not have gotten through birth without her and she was so encouraging and knew exactly how to read the room and jump in without asking me what I needed. Seriously, I felt safe with her presence and knew that everything would be okay with Gabi around. Also, she took some of our favorite baby photos during labor and right after baby was born!After birth, we never thought we would need a postpartum doula but after the first 3 days, I called Gabi. I was overwhelmed, exhausted and needed a calming person to help me through my feelings. I ended up reaching out the next day to hire her for Postpartum work. Gabi did not hesitate and came to our rescue immediately! (I said I needed her ASAP and she said "okay, give me 30 minutes and I'll be out the door") LOL. Again, she picked up and jumped in areas that I didn't even realize I needed help and support. Emotionally, physically, and mentally I felt supported. Gabi helped with breastfeeding support, taking care of the baby so I could get some rest, overnight support and meal prep. What she does is seriously magic - I can't even comprehend how reassuring it is to have someone so attentive.


Jane4/16/2019My husband and I had the absolute pleasure of working with Gabi through the birth of our first baby girl. We cannot say enough positive things about her and the sense of calmness and relaxation that she brought into the birthing room, even when things were getting crazy! Gabi was very professional throughout the entire experience but that did not limit her from making us feel extrememly comfortable and connected to her. Gabi was always prompt with answering my calls, even in the middle of the night when my labor started. We really appreciate how prepared Gabi was for our birth by providing different massages, pressure points and provided knowledge on various positions I could be in to help the baby descend. She always had such a positive outlook and we felt she was the perfect addition to our birth by advocating for us and our baby. I can't even begin to imagine having to go through labor without the support and help from Gabi. She truly exceeded all of our expectations and I cannot thank her enough for everything she did for our family in the 16 hours of labor we went through!