DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
29 TESTIMONIALS

Hannah Nesspor

Transcend Maternal Services, LLC

Boyertown, PA  Service range 45 miles  Some locations may add additional charges.

215-622-3258

https://www.transcendmaternalservices.com

Birth Fee

$900 to $1400

CONTACT HANNAH VIEW HANNAH'S AVAILABILITY

Ashlyn7/23/2023I truly am so thankful to have crossed paths with Hannah. I never would have thought about having homebirths prior to meeting her, but after our first conversation I warmed up to the idea and began my journey of educating myself with the help of Hannah. She helped me work through my fears and taking her class also gave my husband and I the confidence to trust physiological birth. Hannah was always there to answer any questions I had and supported me every step of the way. Although she didn't make it to my second birth for his arrival, the knowledge I gained from taking her class prepared my husband and I enough to get through that birth flawlessly. She was however the first person to get there after he came and she didn't hesitate to jump in and help right away. She made sure I was well taken care of and we were so thankful for that. When I got pregnant with our third baby, we knew we wanted her there. We had originally planned to have a midwife with us as well, but as time went on we decided we just wanted Hannah there. We felt confident enough with her knowledge, calming presence, strong faith and love of helping families that that was the right choice for us. And it couldn't have gone better. I was so thankful to have her by my side as my third labor went much differently than my second. I experienced back labor this time around but Hannah was by my side through it all and helped me through the hardest moments. I couldn't have done it without her. She also helped reassure/support my husband when he had moments of worry. She truly loves what she does and I couldn't recommend her more. You will not only gain an amazing doula, but also an amazing friend. We are so thankful that God brought her into our lives.?? 


Melanie7/13/2023Hannah answered all my questions when I was looking to explore options for birthing at home with support. Before I could even become her client I lost the baby, and she was so supportive. She checked in more often and longer than anyone else, and offered to bring a meal while we were going through things. She checked in to make sure I had help with my youngest while going through the loss, and if we ever do have another child I would hire her on the spot. I will also be recommending her to all my pregnant patients looking to be supported in their birth process.  Her pricing was also reasonable and fair.  Love Hannah!


Holly7/9/2023One person can make all the difference: Hannah is an empowering, resilient, and unwavering women who unbiasedly supports her moms during pregnancy, birth and postpartum. While birth was the most vulnerable experience of my life, it felt so natural to have her there. She was the calmness I leaned on during the grueling moments of labor, she’s the patient and supportive resource my husband was fortunate to be surrounded by, and she was the bold confidence I yearned for to make more holistic decisions better for baby and me and not simply because “it’s policy”.  Her guidance began from our first meeting and has continued to carry on postpartum. Her selflessness and thoughtful check-ins consisting of texts/emails/phone calls will have you thinking you are her only client. Hannah continues to blow me away with how much she cares about, and for, her moms and their family.


Kelly Dos Diaz7/7/2023I wanted to write a review in a bit of a different way. I want to write from my perspective of how Hannah made me feel through the entire process. She takes time to connect with you. She is extremely present. Checks in on you regularly on how you’re feeling physically, mentally and emotionally. Hannah has an extremely calming presence, surrounded by God’s love and light. When she showed up for my birth, I immediately felt a sense of relief and support. What I love most about working with Hannah was, that she brings out this amazing energy of love and trust. In the beginning, I told her I wanted a hospital birth, she never judged me for that. She said, “we will prepare for whatever you want.” She just asked me very simple questions that allowed me to trust myself, my own intuition and in the end I ended up choosing the complete opposite, an unassisted home birth. By simply being herself, she inspired me to really believe in myself. I accomplished something I never thought I could, and for that I could never thank her enough.


Christine Hesser7/6/2023Hannah is absolutely amazing! My partner and I could not be happier to have met and worked with her during my pregnancy and birth of our first born. She provides a calming and safe environment and is with you every step of the way. She has a library of resources and checks in with you often to see how you are doing. She is a true advocate and goes above and beyond to support her mamas. My partner was beyond impressed and felt so relieved, safe and supported when Hannah showed up to my very quick labor! I could not have wished for a better experience and am so grateful for the care we received. I held on to her during the most intense parts of my baby girl's birth and she got me through it. We plan on working with Hannah again!


Carena4/3/2023I recently had the absolute pleasure of working with Hannah for my birth journey and I cannot recommend her services enough! The support and care provided by Hannah exceeded our expectations and made my birthing experience an unforgettable and life-changing event.From the very beginning, Hannah took the time to get to know my husband and I, listening attentively to our preferences and concerns. She was a constant source of information, providing us with invaluable resources and guidance to prepare for our baby's arrival. She was always available to answer our questions, ease our anxieties, and make us feel comfortable and empowered throughout the pregnancy.During labor, Hannah was an unwavering pillar of support. She expertly assisted me with relaxation techniques, breathing exercises, and position changes, while also offering emotional and physical comfort. Hannah had such a reassuring and calming presence, even during the most intense moments. She advocated strongly for me and helped explain options and alternatives to me. I truly believe that having her support  helped me to avoid a c-section! Postpartum care was equally outstanding. Hannah continued to check in on our family, offering guidance and support as we adjusted to our new roles as parents. Hannah was always reaching out, checking in, and sharing her expertise in breastfeeding, infant care, and postpartum recovery. Her knowledge helped make this transition period much smoother and more enjoyable than we could have ever imagined.Hannah's professionalism, knowledge, and compassionate approach made all the difference in our birth journey. If you are considering hiring a doula, I wholeheartedly recommend Hannah to guide and support you through this beautiful and transformative life event!


Claire2/1/2023Hannah is THE BEST! She made such a difference for our birth. She is such a blessing and you would be so luck to have her as your doula for your birth. So grateful for her and the work she does. If we ever have another child, we would absolutely have her as our doula again. Not only did she make me more comfortable as a birthing mama, but also brought such a calming and reassuring presence to my partner. This was especially helpful being our first birth. Her knowledge and experience is invaluable. Forever grateful for Hannah and all of her help; She has made a profound positive impact on my life and my beginning into motherhood.


Alyssa12/29/2022Truly I could write a novel out of gratitude to Hannah, but you may not have time to read any lengthy reviews so I will leave it at this:You will forget that you hired Hannah to work for you as she becomes a mentor, friend, and sister. I cannot recommend her doula services enough.


Kayla10/29/2022Hannah is amazing! She is a strong advocate for you & what you want your pregnancy & birth to look like. She’s a great teacher & listener. I highly recommend her classes as well as her doula services. Whether or not you’ve had a child already, having a doula is such a positive impact in ur pregnancy journey, & Hannah’s the one to work with!


Kaitlyn7/31/2022Hannah was a blessing during my pregnancy, labor, and postpartum.From the nonstop questions during pregnancy, to the labor, and beyond. This was my third baby, but my first time using a doula. I’m screaming at myself why I waited until now!The amount of support she gave during pregnancy was enough to ease every little concern. From the silly questions to the big life changing decisions. She was there as support and to provide any educational needs. Hannah always checked in frequently and always answered messages.  When it came to labor and giving birth, I know I wouldn’t have had the success I did without her. I had, what I consider, a birth trauma experience and without Hannah there, I don’t think I’d be able to say I had a successful VBA2C! She is all eyes on you, constantly making sure your needs are met and your mind is focused to be able to bring your baby into the world. As for postpartum, she was there for me when I struggled with all the hormones and feelings. Hannah frequently checked in as if she knew I needed someone to at least just ask if I was okay.If there is any advice I could give to a mom, no matter how many kids you have, get Hannah to help you have the best pregnancy, birth, and postpartum experience. 


Danielle Galczyk7/29/2022Hannah was the best "purchase" we made for our baby. Right from the start she was very welcoming and we could tell she was extremely educated. Her passion for all things maternal really showed through. Her confidence gave us a sense of ease in a time where our doctors were less so. She was always available for any questions we had and made us feel empowered in the decisions we were making for our baby. Hannah's presence in the delivery room made us more comfortable knowing that she was there to advocate for our wants. Her support however doesn't stop after delivery. She is there in the most precious time of your baby's life to make sure any questions you have are answered.We are so thankful for Hannah and she will definitely be a part of our next pregnancy journey.


Brittany Bonhage6/13/2022When my first baby was born, I didn’t have a doula. I had every intention of being in a birth center, but ended up in the hospital after being convinced I needed an induction. Then an epidural. And finally a cesarean section. After a series of complications and a week in the hospital, we went home exhausted and discouraged. When I found out I was pregnant again, I knew I wanted to do everything differently—a VBAC at home with a doula.Hannah has become so much more than that. She supported us every step of the way—from being almost absurdly available during my pregnancy for questions or just to chat, to helping us find donor milk when we found out our baby wasn’t getting enough to eat, to texting me to do a postpartum check in while she was on vacation.I probably should have used the hypnobirthing techniques I’d practiced or printed out reminders of how I envisioned our son’s birth happening, but in failing to do any of that, I discovered just how amazing of a doula Hannah is. All I needed during the intense moments was her voice reminding me that this was all to bring baby earthside, to use my breath, to spontaneously get in our bathtub (because I hadn’t gotten the birth pool I obviously should have).I had no idea of the blessing Hannah would become when I first spoke with her. She knows what you need before you do and even when you don’t. She will take care of you, be silly with your toddler, and lovingly help you bring your baby into this world. And at the end of it all, you will feel like you have made a new friend with the warmest heart, who loves your babies almost as much as you do.


Kelli4/4/2022Not only was Hannah an amazing doula, she’s an amazing woman. She has been supportive of me from day one and even now since I have had my baby. Hannah has created a whole community with her clients and follows them even after birth by having get together and by checking in constantly. She was there any time to answer any questions I had. During my labor and delivery, she was a Godsend. She supported me more than I ever thought I’d need. She went above and beyond to take care of me in every way possible. She’s a literal angel on earth. Her demeanor, tone, and entire presence is so calming and peaceful. She is so well educated and knowledgeable about pregnancy, birth, and even post partum. She did a wonderful job of giving other perspectives without ever coming across as pushy or biased and was so supportive of the decisions I made. She brought up topics and ideas that I didn’t even know of or think of, which really helped me feel educated and prepared for birth. She also advocated for me and my wishes when I was in labor. You will never regret your decision to hire Hannah, and I promise it will make your whole experience so amazing!!!


Felicia Schwartz1/3/2022We interviewed 3 doulas before making the decision to work with Hannah. Hannah answered my questions, but also validated my anxious feelings (we had a complication early on) and tried to ease my fears. This was the main reason we moved forward with her.  I wasn’t sure what to expect once we signed the contract, but I was pleasantly surprised when Hannah checked in almost weekly throughout pregnancy, always promptly responded to my texts with questions/concerns, and shared her library of resources with both me and my husband. It was obvious that she truly cared about getting to know both of us, not just getting us through the pregnancy. Her support continued and increased as our due date came closer. She provided emotional and physical support as well as guided my husband in providing both emotional and physical support during labor. She was the calm, level head we both needed. I don’t think I could have made it through without her offering me clementine slices between each contraction! Our labor was much longer than the contracted amount of time. Hannah stayed with us the entire time without question. I could not have done it without her. Hannah’s support doesn’t stop after baby is born. Her clients are welcomed into her community with various events and meet ups occurring throughout the year. I will definitely be working with her again if we are blessed with future pregnancies and cannot sing her praises enough to others looking to hire doula support! 


Sarah Herhal11/14/2021Hannah is fantastic! We are veteran parents who are approaching this birth in a completely different way, compared to our previous births. Mentally and physically preparing for this new experience was made much easier with Hannah in our corner. Tailoring the material and class to fit our specific needs. And allowing it to feel more like a conversation between friends versus a boring lecture was a breath of fresh air!


Rachel Ervin9/14/2021We hired Hannah again for our third pregnancy. I am so thankful we did! She was so helpful with preparing our family for a third baby and was so supportive during the laboring process. It was a great comfort to have her present during the birthing process as it can be overwhelming and challenging. My husband who was the only person allowed to be in the hospital aside from Hannah wanted to go and grab food outside of the hospital. When he left, Hannah was able to cover for him and be there in the room with me so I was not alone. When my husband left and Hannah took over, my water broke not too long after! Hannah was able to contact the nurses and let them know what had just happened. She was also able to communicate to my husband to let him know the baby was on the way! There are so many benefits to hiring Hannah for pregnancy, labor, and lost birth. We were so thankful to have her and so was my extended family. She is truly a blessing.


Ashley F.8/11/2021Hannah was nothing short of amazing in helping us prepare for the birth of our son as I peppered her with many questions and she did a phenomenal job of supporting my husband and I through our birth! 10/10 recommend. And to think I came across her by chance through a quick Google search. Keep up the fantastic work you're doing! You add great value to the doula industry. 


Lauren8/6/2021Where do I even start? Hannah is absolutely amazing! She is so smart, she always gave me such great information. And helped me find ways to cope with my anxiety during pregnancy. During labor, she not only helped but also guided me through it. I wouldn't have been able to get through labor without Hannah and my husband agrees. We are both extremely thankful and blessed to have had Hannah there. 


Emily Parkins6/17/2021Hannah is AMAZING. She supported my husband and I through the birth of our second child. Encouraged me to be comfortable with trying for a VBAC and I am so thankful she helped me have the confidence in myself to do so! I had a successful VBAC because of her support, resources, and confidence in ME and my husband becoming and team and doing this TOGETHER.She was a HUGE supporter, confidant, and resource for us during labor and delivery, even though we could only connect with her virtually due to hospital limitations last June (2020). She was available 24/7 when I texted her at midnight that my water broke, and kept texting her and calling her as the time went on. She encouraged us to make decisions that we wanted to make without being forced into anything that the doctors wanted us to do.With her support, my husband knew how to physically support me while I was in labor so I could feel comfortable and efficiently move the baby down. When I was in a lot of pain from contractions, she helped me with visualizations and breathing techniques. We consulted her several times throughout the day when doctors weren't around. She encouraged me to make informed confident decisions!After our baby was born, Hannah was there for me postpartum (and still is, we are great friends now!) She texted me everyday, checked-in, gave me resources, helped me feel less alone, supported me unconditionally through it ALL.We are so blessed that God brought Hannah into our lives. After having an emergency c-section with our first born, I was terrified to go through that again and didn't even want to try, then I connected with Hannah and felt confident that I could do this, with help from my husband and her! And we did it! After I had my daughter, I actually said "I could do this 5 more times!" And I meant that. I cannot wait to have another baby, and get to experience having Hannah in the room with us!!!!


Carly Herneisen6/6/2021This little guy was my third pregnancy...but my first in a “pandemic”.....& also my first Trial of Labor After Caesarian. I felt that this time around, I needed a personal advocate~for that BIG “what if”. What if I needed another CSection? I had only ever had pitocin induced labor, so I wasn’t even sure what “labor” {as in my own contractions starting, on their own} even felt like...... every pregnancy is truly SO different. Thankfully, the “what if” never came to be. Our third child was welcomed into the world without any medical interventions. We were in & out of the hospital in 12 hours & the majority of my labor was controlled, at home, in my own comfy environment. Hannah was invaluable as far as direction in writing a birth plan, confirming my own knowledge of the over-reach & unnecessary procedures that have become routine practice for labor & delivery in a hospital setting &, as an added bonus, brought visual props to our pre-labor meetups & educated my kids on how their brother would be born. Like~~WHO KNEW the pelvis moved THAT WAY???? I highly recommend adding Hannah to your birth team. As a well-educated, compassionate, caring doula, Hannah provides another level of support & is your personal advocate during one of the most stressful times in a woman’s life....& you can never have too much support :) ~Carly Lynn


Ashlyn Reese6/3/2021Hannah Nesspor is an incredible doula and I couldn't recommend her more. When I first spoke with her I instantly knew she was the right fit for us. She is very knowledgeable and her calm demeanor put us at ease. Her knowledge and expertise helped us go into our birth feeling confident, as well as educated. We are truly so thankful to have had her support during this life changing time of our life! 


Anna Schweitzer6/2/2021I will never be able to truly put into words how thankful I am to have had Hannah during my labor & delivery ( pregnancy and postpartum as well) my husband and I took birth classes with her and then we knew we wanted her there with us at the birth. Hannah got me through an unmedicated labor and delivery and because of her, I never even considered changing my mind about my plans to be unmediated. Her knowledge and devotion to her clients does not go unnoticed. She kept both me and my husband informed and comforted through the entire process. We are so happy with our decision and wouldn’t have it any other way.


Kiersten Andrews2/17/2021One of the greatest decisions we ever made was to hire a doula but the absolute BEST decision was specifically Hannah. Between going through the pregnancy during a pandemic and then experiencing a labor that did not go as exactly planned, I seriously could not have imagined going through it without Hannah. We felt so educated and supported from pregnancy, to labor, to beyond birth. Hannah became a friend to us and someone we feel connected with. For labor being such a vulnerable experience, Hannah was so comforting and provided support and guidance that made the experience so much more comfortable. She not only provided emotional support for me, but also my fiancé. We never plan to go through a pregnancy without her. We absolutely love her!!!!


Veronica Fox7/28/2020Hannah Nesspor was our phenomenal doula. She worked well with my husband to support me through our successful VBAC. My husband said we wouldn't have made it that far (no interventions or medications) if it weren't for Hannah. She was the extra support we really needed to make this labor and delivery a happy one!From day one, Hannah went above and beyond to prepare and support us for labor and the postpartum period. She guided us to write a detailed birth plan, opening my eyes to all the options that actually exist for labor and delivery. Hannah didn't hesitate to get my favorite meal after our son was born even if it was almost 9 pm. She continues to check in with us through the days, weeks and months postpartum, offering suggestions when different issues pop up.I highly recommend Hannah as a doula because she is knowledgeable and passionate about what she does. Her kind and friendly personality will help to put you at ease. She's not just there for 10 hours to see the baby born but she really cares and invests in her clients' lives.


Melissa Keiper7/9/2020We could not have made a better decision than to work with Hannah for our first pregnancy, even having a pregnancy through the Covid-19 world. From our first meeting, we felt a great connection with Hannah and knew we wanted her as our Doula. Through our 2 pre-natal meetings, Hannah not only made us feel more informed about labor and postpartum life, she helped us feel empowered to advocate for ourselves with doctors and other professionals we worked with. She helped us create a birth plan, which we wouldn't have considered doing before working with Hannah. We never felt judged for any decision we made in creating that plan or how we are caring for our baby. Through labor, she was an amazing support via phone, suggesting ways to help the process move along. All through the weeks after birth, every time we are not sure what to do or have questions, we always say "let's ask Hannah!" She has been amazing at answering our questions and calming our concerns. Her check in texts are also so reassuring. We feel really supported and cared about. Choosing Hannah was one of the best decisions we made for ourselves, and we are recommending Hannah to all our expecting friends! 


Sarah Stever6/16/2020If you are looking for a passionate, local doula; look no further. I came across Hannah’s website during our first pregnancy. Upon our first conversation I knew she was educated and non-judgement with a soothing personality that aligned with both myself and my husband. She immediately provided us with resources and information to empower us to map out our ideal birth plan while reviewing all of the possibilities since things don’t always go as planned. She supported us during pregnancy, birth, and continues to check in on the entire family postpartum. My experience with labor was beautiful because of the knowledge and preparation Hannah provided for us. She provides a personal, yet professional experience to cater to the specific desires and needs of her clients. Importantly, our baby was born during the COVID 19 pandemic and Hannah was a consistent wealth of current information, plus she caters to dad as well as mom which made a huge difference in the delivery room. Being parents is exceeding our expectations and beginning this journey with Hannah and Transcend Maternal on our side made all the difference.


Tina Erb1/15/2020Hannah was my doula for my birth with my second son, Malcom. She was very open, helpful, very descriptive to help with understanding. Having a doula was helpful for me to know what I could have or do during my delivery, recovery, and at home. Hannah helped me prenatally in understanding breastfeeding and what what all of my options at the hospital for delivery and helped when I had trouble. At home,  I was more confident in knowing I’d be okay with changes that may come. She was always available and ready to help. I was able to use Motherboard Birth, one of her affiliate programs for birth planning and liked how it listed all of my options for OR deliveries and recovery planning. I would definitely recommend Hannah. She was great with info, help, and will always be there for you.


Shanea Boswell6/7/2019Hannah Nesspor was the obvious choice to go with when considering a doula. Her heart and passion towards mom and baby is evident in all that her services provide. During pregnancy she was an essential resource in preparing for my moment going into Motherhood. I felt informed and ready for labor. Of course, as much as you can plan out your birth, things don’t always go the way you want. Which in my case was the situation. However, Hannah was there every step of the way, showing me how to be an advocate for my health and the baby. The atmosphere she created truly made all the difference. Everyone that walked into my labor room mentioned the tranquility they felt. Once my child was born, she helped me transition and showed me other options that were available to feeding my child that the Hospital staff didn’t even know about. And when we were home, still struggling with breastfeeding, she was able to come over and help my child latch with a shield. This temporary solution has enabled me to breastfeed my child into a healthy weight. I’m so thankful for this because it allows me to bond with my child in the way that I always wanted. So even though my labor didn’t go as planned, my bond with my child and confidence into motherhood has. Hannah continues to be an essential support and I look forward to a future delivery with her as my doula.


Rachel Ervin2/8/2019I can’t stress enough how important it was  that I had Hannah by my side pre birth, during labor, and postpartum.  Even though it was our second time around having a baby, my birth plan was entirely different with new challenges. Hannah went above and beyond helping me feel comfortable and confident with all the decisions I had to make for my birth plan and my newborn baby. She was able answer questions and walk me through my fears and concerns. I felt very educated by the end of my pregnancy and even after thanks to Hannah’s wealth of knowledge.During labor, Hannah helped me get through the most painful and toughest times. I was able to use different techniques that neither the nurse or doctor was able to offer me at the hospital. Hannah helped me through contractions with different breathing techniques, holding my hand, practicing countering pressures, and allowing me to use the rebozo scarf. Hannah was so involved and brilliant with helping me as much as she could to make me feel empowered and confident as a woman.Postpartum was also a challenge for me in many ways even though I had been through this recently before with my firstborn. Hannah again was right by my side checking in on me over the phone, in person, and offering advice and support as always. Her support gave me the strength and confidence I needed in order to face my toughest and most wearing days as a mom. I highly recommend Hannah as a doula. She will help you have a positive experience by empowering you as a woman physically, emotional, mentally, and spiritually. Despite if it is your second, third, or tenth time having a baby, theres always going to be unknown factors, new situations, and circumstances that can play a part during pregnancy, labor, and afterbirth. By having Hannah as your doula, it will make all the difference in having a more positive experience for both mom and baby.