DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
32 TESTIMONIALS

Jackie Symons, CD(DONA)

Balance in Birth

Havertown, PA  Service range 30 miles

http://balanceinbirth.com

Birth Fee

$1600

CONTACT JACKIE VIEW JACKIE'S AVAILABILITY

Meredith Burke6/30/2023We LOVE you Jackie!! Being first time parents we were really nervous & didn’t know what to expect before, during and after birth. Jackie was a godsend and really took the anxiety & pressure off both my husband and I. We discussed what our ideal birth plan would look like but also knew there might be a chance it could change. Our birth plan didn’t go as we originally planned for but with Jackie’s help & assistance we delivered a healthy baby boy. Our birth story went exactly how it was supposed to, we couldn’t have done it without YOU! Thank you for your warm hearted, sensitive and professional care.


Carrita Thomas5/19/2023Jackie provided helpful guidance throughout my pregnancy and wonderful physical support and gentle encouragement during the birth of my daughter. Louisa’s birth was joyful, calm, and empowering —and I’m quite sure it would not have been that way without Jackie’s presence. I would use Jackie as our doula again in a heartbeat (and plan to do so during our next pregnancy!) and recommend her highly!


Lily W5/5/2023We had such a fantastic & positive experience with Jackie and I am so grateful to have had her as my doula for my daughter’s birth. From our very first interaction and consultation, I felt so at ease with Jackie. In the months leading up to the birth, not only was I thankful for all of her positive communication, but I also really appreciated all of the knowledge and resources she shared that helped me prepare both mentally and physically! It was clear that she supported my birth plan 100%, but was also flexible and ready to help me make decisions in the moment when the time came. Jackie took the time to get to know me and my family which made me feel so confident that she wouldn’t just be another body in the delivery room, but a supportive companion who was just as excited for the birth of our child as I was! My labor ended up progressing faster than I had mentally anticipated, and from the moment Jackie arrived at the hospital she quickly helped me to focus, breathe and manage each contraction one at a time. She provided helpful suggestions for comfort measures, aided me in making decisions, and supported me every step of the way. Just her presence in the room was so welcome and calming. Even after our daughter was born, Jackie stayed to help out and checked in with me a number of times during the days afterwards. I would absolutely, without a doubt, recommend Jackie to anyone looking to hire a doula!


Melissa4/13/2023We have been so thankful for Jackie. We are convinced that our birth experience wouldn’t have been nearly so positive without her! The support, recommendations and interaction she provided throughout pregnancy in addition to her calm presence, support, expertise and advocacy assistance through a complicated birth were invaluable. After feeling out of control with our first, Jackie helped us manage a more complicated birth while feeling much more positive and at peace, despite it not going as we hoped, to get our healthy baby. Love that she makes gentle suggestions that allowed us to drive the whole process rather than pushing something. She helped us feel more in enabled and in charge of our birth experience despite the circumstances we couldn’t control and she read the room well. It was so helpful to have someone knowledgeable that we trusted throughout the process to bounce things off of and help us think through decisions we were making. We will absolutely use her again in the event of another pregnancy. Would consider her a friend in addition to our hired doula! Highly recommend.


Valentina4/5/2023My husband and I are so glad we had Jackie to help us through the birth of our first child. We met with her twice before our due date to get to know her and also to discuss our birth plan and what to expect the day of delivery. She was incredibly knowledgeable and was able to answer all our questions so we could be as prepared as possible. Jackie was also available to answer questions via text or phone call outside of our meetings, both before and after our son was born. She was able to provide recommendations for other specialists, such as a chiropractor who specializes in in pregnant women and a physical therapist for post partum recovery.When I went into labor she was the first person we called and she was able to calm our nerves and help us determine when we should head to the hospital. During our labor and delivery she was incredibly supportive and worked with us and the nurses to make sure my baby and I received the best care possible.  I cannot say enough good things about Jackie and cannot imagine having gone through this incredible moment in our lives without her.


Lisa3/9/2023As I researched to prepare for my VBAC it became clear there were things I could do to up my chances of success, first on the list was getting someone who could not only support but also advocate for me on the day of delivery. Jackie did that and so much more!  She helped me formulate my preferences for a birth plan before delivery which really helped me make decisions on what I wanted my labor and birth in the hospital to look like. She taught my husband and I relief techniques and even had advice on things I could discuss with my provider to prep for labor/make an induction less likely. The day of she was invaluable in helping us advocate for our preferences in the hospital, make sure we were comfortable and calm, helped me reposition after epidural, and even got some very cool birth photos.Needless to say with her help I achieved my goal of VBAC, felt in control of the process (after feeling out of control with my first c section), and had an overall wonderful experience. Thank you Jackie! 


Meredith Kirk11/13/2022Choosing to work with Jackie as our birth doula was the single best decision my husband and I made during my pregnancy. We are first-time parents and Jackie was such an invaluable resource for us—from answering all of our questions and ensuring that we knew what to expect from the birthing process, to being a steady, calm presence in the delivery room. Having Jackie play a central role in the most important day of our lives was so special and we will always be grateful for her. We would unequivocally recommend her to anybody looking for a birth doula!


Amy Schlesinger9/8/2022Working with Jackie was the best decision my husband and I made to have support during labor to welcome our first baby! I never could have imagined the impact hiring a doula, and specifically Jackie, would have on me. When we first met Jackie, I instantly had a good feeling about her. Although at the time I was terrified about giving birth and saw it as a "means to an end", Jackie never made me feel bad for feeling this way. She provided resources and ways to think about labor that I could consider during the rest of my pregnancy. She never told me how I had to feel about giving birth or that there was a "right way" to feel about it. Jackie went over labor and delivery choices and was very knowledgeable. I was able to review options with Jackie and make decisions, while keeping my birth plan open and flexible. Jackie taught my husband and me comfort measures for labor and was always a text away throughout pregnancy to answer questions and provide support. When I went into labor Jackie was again constantly available and when it was time for her to join us at the hospital she was instantly there. At the hospital Jackie helped us work through difficult decisions, provide comfort (both physical and emotional), and was my rock during labor. Jackie made suggestions and created space for me to think through options when the medical team was telling me to do one thing or another. Jackie helped me focus, breathe, and count during pushing and ultimately helped me get to a meditative state when I pushed for nearly 3 hours (I had no idea)! Jackie turned giving birth into an empowering experience for me. I walked away feel powerful. I now love labor and love talking about my experience. I have a new perspective about giving birth that I know would not be possible without Jackie. She was instrumental to our experience, and we will never forget how much she helped us. We cannot wait to work with her again for our next baby! Without a doubt we will have Jackie with us again!


Eve8/9/2022Jackie was a great fit as a doula to help me prepare for and experience my second birth. She was non-judgmental and fully supported my goal of having a successful VBAC, yet at the same time gently encouraged me to consider other outcomes and how to be more accepting of them should they occur. My partner and I really appreciated the exercises and supportive positions she guides us through during our prenatal visits, and we especially used the counterpressure while laboring at home during my contractions! When Jackie met us at the hospital, I didn't expect to already be about to push, but she jumped right in giving me her soothing energy, fanning me, and offering sips of water between contractions. She captured some of our first photos after the birth, which was so appreciated! Our arrival at the hospital was a whirlwind and my husband had left our car in front of the emergency room entrance as we rushed in, so Jackie also played valet by parking it for us and bringing our bags into the room after delivery! During our postpartum visit, Jackie had great advice on helping me adjust to being a mom of a toddler and a newborn and I really valued that she had firsthand experience to share. Thanks for being such an important part of our birth team, Jackie! 


Angela7/9/2022Jackie provided wonderful support throughout my pregnancy and labor. My husband and I knew we wanted to work with her after our initial conversation, thanks to her laid-back and non-judgmental attitude. She was so helpful throughout my pregnancy, responding to our random texts and emails with informative resources, educating us about childbirth, and giving us hands-on training on different comfort measures during our in-person meetings. I'm so grateful to have worked with a doula who empowered my partner and me to navigate pregnancy and childbirth and make decisions that felt good for us!After I tested positive for covid at 40 weeks, Jackie was flexible about my changing birth plan and ready to provide support in whatever way possible. Fortunately, she was able to provide in-person support in the end and joined us at the birth center in the early morning. She helped make sure I stayed hydrated during labor, gave me periodic sniffs of peppermint essential oil, helped us work though decisions about interventions, kept me mindful of my breathing and vocalizations, and brought us our requested postpartum meal (glorious Wawa hoagies!). In sum, she stayed responsive and provided whatever kind of support was needed in the moment. It meant a lot to both my partner and me to have her steady presence. We're both grateful to have worked with her and that she helped bring our child into the world!


Zoe Scott3/22/2022Jackie was a joy to work with from start to finish. We immediately felt at ease when interviewing her and she continued to build an awesome relationship with us through the process. She took the time to understand my goals for birth, walking me and my husband through creating a detailed birth plan that helped us think through what we’d want to do in any scenario we encountered. As first time parents we appreciated that she answered all of our questions along the way, and ensured we had the appropriate resources to make educated decisions.Although I encountered a medical roadblock in my hospital birth, Jackie’s presence made me feel supported, confident, and at ease throughout labor and delivery. She was quick to help me figure out modifications to stay comfortable and continue progressing while largely confined to bed. I especially loved how Jackie gave me a heads up when my vocalizations were changing so I knew labor was progressing when I was too in the zone to even realize. When it came time to push Jackie was right there with me and I felt in total control of when to push while contracting. Her coaching helped push more effectively and remember to breathe. Despite my medical roadblocks roadblocks, I was able to meet my primary goal of having an unmedicated birth and can honestly say I look back fondly on active labor. I won’t think twice about working with Jackie again when we decide to expand our family further!


Rebecca3/22/2022Working with Jackie was the best decision I made for my pregnancy and birth, full stop!  As a first time mom, I had no idea what I was doing when preparing for the birth of my son -- the only thing I knew was that I wanted to be as prepared as possible and feel empowered, represented, and calm throughout the process, and a doula was one way to do that.  Jackie was more than just a companion during the birth process -- she made an effort to get to know me and my husband and learn about what made us anxious, excited, and joyful with respect to our birth plan.  She was clear, thorough, evidence-based, unbiased, and non-judgmental in helping me to understand and form the birth plan that was right for me.  Her lengthy experience in all kinds of births (including both unmedicated and medicated) only helped me build confidence in the options we discussed and my choices for the birth.   On the day I went into labor, Jackie was there to guide me and my husband through what to expect, how to remain calm, what signals to look for, etc.  She clearly and consistently advocated for me throughout the entire birth, both when I labored at home and once I got to the hospital, and helped to create a sense of calm and safety that made the birth one of the most positive experiences of my life.  I couldn't imagine doing this without her, and would recommend her to anybody regardless of the kind of birth they plan to have.  


Daniel Kocotas3/17/2022Having Jackie be our doula for the birth of our first child was invaluable. Her professionalism and passion for her job made our whole birth experience immensely better. With her guidance and education, we developed a birth plan that suited our needs.Since nature had an alternate plan for our birth than we originally anticipated, Jackie was there to comfort us and help us adjust our birth plan on the fly. She was very supportive through my wife’s pregnancy and was such a wonderful support person and resource to have before, during and after labor. I fully recommend her services to anyone.


Morgan Kocotas3/14/2022Jackie was an amazing doula for us! While I was pregnant, she armed myself and my husband with a ton of great information on what to expect during labor, ways to encourage Baby into an ideal position for birth, important considerations for our birth plan, and more. She was an excellent resource for me to ask questions or share my experiences with.When I went into labor Jackie was available within an hour, even in the middle of the night. Her her manual techniques were extremely helpful in allowing me to manage my pain naturally for a few days. Unfortunately my labor experience didn't go quite as planned, but Jackie was really supportive of my decisions to change course when the time felt right. Her validation in my choices made all the difference in my confidence and ability to push forward with delivering a healthy baby boy.I would recommend Jackie to anyone who is looking for some extra knowledge and support throughout pregnancy, no matter your birth goals!


Katie Cornell3/5/2022Hiring Jackie was the best thing we ever did in preparation for labor and delivery. I didn't think I wanted a doula at first, but with my husband in the midst of starting his own business and the vision I had for my birth, it felt like the right move. During our first consultation, I instantly felt that Jackie would be a great fit. She has an amazingly calming presence and is super knowledgeable, which helped us feel confident going into those final weeks of pregnancy and made for a very positive birth experience. I had a very long labor and honestly feel like my husband and I would not have been able to have done it with out her. I cannot recommend her enough and will definitely be hiring her for baby number two!


Caitlyn Johnson1/30/2022We hadn't planned on hiring a doula until we took an Evidence Based Birth class relatively late in our pregnancy. The mad dash to get a doula while we were also changing providers was stressful until we met Jackie. It was clear that she was the one we wanted in that delivery room with us as an extra advocate and support person, and she was kind enough to fit us in with fairly short notice.We had a few meetings in the two months between hiring Jackie and giving birth, and she was incredibly supportive and informative. She helped us finalize our birth plan and determine how we would approach labor and when to head to the hospital. She was very respectful of our wishes while providing helpful feedback.In delivery, she was exactly what we needed. My husband was able to focus on myself and the baby, ensuring I remained in a proper mental and emotional space to succeed while Jackie picked up the slack everywhere else. She took wonderful pictures that we will cherish forever, assisted the nursing staff before pushing began, and ensured the peripherals we wanted (essential oil diffuser, post-birth meal, etc) were in place.We highly recommend Jackie to anyone looking to add a doula to their birth team, and we couldn't imagine having done this without her!


Rachael1/5/2022If you are looking for a birth doula look no further. Jackie made everything about my birth run more smoothly. I was overwhelmed trying to create a birth plan for an unmedicated hospital birth, and she provided thoughtful guidance, realistic expectations, and helped narrow my focus on what was important to me. She was hands on and supportive before, during, and after the birth.When my water broke early I felt fear and panic, but as soon as I called Jackie and she talked me through it I felt calm and at ease. I had to start Pitocin after laboring naturally for 24 hours, and the contractions started coming in hard and strong. My partner quickly became overwhelmed in trying to support me with natural pain management. My only regret is I wish we had called Jackie to come to the hospital sooner, because as soon as she arrived it was a breath of fresh air. I could tell my partner felt a huge weight lifted off his shoulders which helped me feel more at ease. Jackie guided me to relax parts of my body I didn't even realize were tense during labor. She was so intuitive and often knew my needs before I could speak.Aside from emotional support and counter-pressure, the next most helpful during labor was the aromatherapy Jackie provided. I kept feeling like I was going to vomit during the pushing stage, and every time I inhaled the peppermint she brought my nausea subsided. She also helped capture memories of my birth with a ton of photos, which have been so helpful to look back on since the entire experience feels like a blur. Jackie has a down to earth personality and genuinely cares about her clients. She is resourceful, knowledgable, organized, and easy to connect with. You won't regret hiring her! 


Lara Castorina12/9/2021Jackie was a huge blessing to me during the end of my pregancy and during labor. The last week of my pregnancy things were rapidly changing due to an IUGR diagnosis and imminent induction. It was very emotional to switch from a natural progression of labor to an artificial one with a potential for baby to spend time in the NICU. Jackie was supportive through this news and helped me reformulate my birth plan to encourage the physiological process in the hospital. Going into my induction I felt supported and encouraged that though plans changed, that my birth was still going to be beautiful. She helped my husband comfort me and work through my contractions while still making him feel supported as well. When Jackie arrived at my birth I was in active labor and without missing a beat jumped right in to give me the hands on support I needed. When I felt as though I could not go on she grounded my thoughts with gentle encouragement. I could not have asked for a better person to be by my side through this birth. I am forever grateful for Jackie! 


Madison Stanton9/12/2021Jackie was fabulous. We had our dream natural water birth with her help even with so much stacked against us. She was so incredibly supportive and answered all my continuous questions and concerns at all hours of the night for weeks and weeks leading up to the big day! I'm not sure I could have gone through with a natural birth without her support. Jackie was in tune with my body and knew exactly what I needed the entire labor and birth. She had tricks up her sleeve to make my birth the most enjoyable experience possible. Im not a very calm or relaxed person but she was able to help me relax in a way I never thought possible. We loved her so much we asked her to cut our babies cord. If you need all the support in the world like I did, Jackie is the doula for you. 


Cody Morris9/10/2021This is my second child, and my partner and I chose to use a midwife. We connected with Jackie through her comfort measures class that was supposed to be a group of people and ended up being just us 3. The vibe clicked immediately! We were undecided if we wanted to use a doula or not, and I am so glad we chose Jackie to be a part of our support team. Having her there gave my partner a sense of relief and allowed him to be fully present to support me, instead of trying to remember what to do and when to do it. In the weeks leading up to our sweet boys arrival we discussed our birth plan and the role everyone would play during labor. We also discussed my emotional state before and after the baby. There is something so special about having someone to talk through all the emotions surrounding childbirth since it is so much more than a physical experience. She provided knowledgeable support the entire time and I’m so glad I had someone that made me feel so empowered in this experience. During labor we had to be transported to the hospital for precautionary reasons and although I still had my fears I was more at ease knowing I had someone there to advocate on my behalf if need be. I am beyond blessed to have had such an amazing person with me through this. If you’re looking for a sign- here it is!! You cannot go wrong choosing Jackie to welcome your little one with you! I don’t know what we would have done with out her!


Taylor Spangler9/7/2021I heard about Jackie through my midwife in Frisco, TX. Jackie met with me to learn about my hopes for the birth of my second son. We talked about the complications of my first birth and made a strong plan to make my second birth everything I hoped for. Jackie met me at my home two times after our initial visit. We game planned and she taught me techniques to work on leading up to labor. At 5 am on the August 27th, Jackie quickly responded to my text informing her I was in labor. She immediately met us at the birthing center and started working on my comfort measures. Jackie coached my husband and myself throughout the entire labor. She never left my side. We gave birth to our second son only 3 1/2 hours after arriving at the birthing center. Jackie held my hands as my husband caught our sweet boy. I highly recommend Jackie's doula services to any expecting mother. I greatly feel having her by my side throughout the end of my pregnancy and labor helped successfully birth my baby just the way I hoped for. 


Erica8/25/2021I recently had my second baby and wanted a different experience than my first delivery. I knew that going unmedicated would need to be a full commitment if it were going to be successful and it took me until about 30 weeks to get there. I wanted to earn my "bad ass" patch (self-awarded), to give my baby the best chance to latch (after exclusively pumping for a year with my first), to minimize my postpartum mental and physical issues.I knew Jackie's stories so I contacted her. From the very beginning, she saw me as courageous and strong and made it clear that I was these things no matter how my birth ended. She helped me map out my birth plan but boy was I tested. At 34 weeks, I lost my mucus plug, found that I was 3 cm dilated, 50% effaced and the biggest blow.. he was sitting breech. I texted Jackie through tears then drove home. About an hour later, I was having BH contractions every 2 mins. I totally disengaged from the world and just cried, fearing I was going into labor. With Jackie living down the street and me ignoring her texts, she showed up at my house to pick me up and try to flip this baby. We didn't go into labor that night.At 38 weeks, I was 4 cm, 60% effaced with a perfectly- sitting babe. My doc asked to induce concerned of a fast delivery so we did at 39 weeks. And it moved fast. Jackie got there shortly after we notified her and I was already at 6cm and 90% effaced and needing relief. Jackie immediately applied counterpressure, a hot compress and gave me water (knowing every detail of how to support me. The straw was extra long so I didn't need to move). Focusing on my breathing, I could hear Jackie relentlessly saying "Good job, mama. You are doing amazing. You are so controlled. You are almost there." After 1 hr and 16 mins, Jackie was advocating my postpartum plan while I recovered.Jackie helped me find my strength, courage and trust in myself for one of the greatest days of my life. I will forever be grateful.


Shelby Trudeau7/14/2021I met Jackie at the birthing class she offered at Frisco Birth Center (highly recommend, btw), and immediately found her presence to be so calming, and remember thinking, “if I could afford a doula she’s the type of person I’d want in my birthing space”. She was so knowledgeable and truly believes every mom has the power within to birth their babies. She did such a great job of delivering all the information necessary to make informed decisions for your birth and your baby. She covered every topic, and allowed so much discussion to happen so everyone felt heard and all of our questions were answered.From the second I asked Jackie to be a part of my birth, she was all hands on deck. On board. By my side. She came to doctors appointments with me and took notes for me so I could focus on my transfer of care. She never even flinched when my plans changed 100 times and covered each one in intimate detail. She rolled with every punch and cheered me on with every change. Fast forward to my birth. Jackie showed up about an hour after my water broke. I was just barely starting to breathe through my contractions. Without missing a beat, she stepped in, did massage and counter pressure without ever having to ask what I needed. She never stopped or took a break. My sons heart beat was dipping into the 50-60’s and she stayed so calm, and helped me to remain calm. Even when I was moved to the bed Jackie never left my side. She went above and beyond, anticipating my needs before I ever had to ask. Cold towels, water, holding me, reminding me to breathe. She was there.If I ever get pregnant again, the first thing I’ll do is call Jackie and hire her again.Thank you so much, Jackie, for everything you did for me and my boy tribe. We are so blessed to have you as a part of our story. I’m convinced my story would not have turned out nearly as peaceful without your presence.


Cassie Aaron7/3/2021We are so thankful that we hired Jackie as a Doula and to be part of our birth team! I can’t imagine going through our birth process without her. From the very beginning she was helpful in providing information, resources, and exercises to prep for birth. She was an amazing support during our time at the birth center and went with as as we got transferred to the hospital. She stayed all the way until Baby Maya was born and we were settled in. She never left our side and provided support in so many ways including encouraging words, coaching my husband on support, encouraging position changes, providing essential oils to help with nausea, or offering to braid my hair to get it out of my face. Her support snd presence gave me a sense of peace from the time we met until postpartum! She is the number one birth worker that you want on your team as she practices vulnerability, encouragement, and support.


Hannah Michaels4/21/2021When i first decided to go the birthing center rout we were very skeptical of doulas weather they were much help but the birthing center I chose was very adamant about first births having one. I was told I would get along good with Jackie so i gave her a call. She was everything! Me and my husband agree we would not go through another birth without her. When she came to my house when I was in labor we both noticed i calmed down immediately. She was able to help with pain with out me having to say anything. She's a great resource. Any questions I have she gets back to me quickly. I am very thankful I had her there! 


Vruddhi4/20/2021Jackie is exceptional! I can’t imagine having gone through my pregnancy and childbirth without her help! She educated me on so many important things about pregnancy and labor, which helped me become more confident and empowered going into labor. The hospital nurses were great, but having Jackie for support was just different. I had built a connection with Jackie and having her there felt like a family member was there for me. That made me feel so much more comfortable and confident. She helped ease up the pain of contractions, and also helped me reposition the baby’s head naturally which helped in making the delivery more smooth. I can’t thank her enough for the emotional and physical support she provided during pregnancy, labor, and postpartum.


Suzanne4/12/2021Jackie personifies everything I hoped for when choosing to hire a doula.  She attended the birth of my first child and was an immeasurable help to myself and my husband during a whirlwind labor - she was excellent at modeling behaviors he could follow and didn't require him to do anything but set the tone and showed him what would be useful for coping with an unmedicated birth.  She is always willing to chat and share her experiences and ideas but also doesn't push you to accept them as the only way.  I would recommend her to anyone searching for a caring, intelligent, friendly and supportive doula - she's absolutely wonderful and we could not have chosen anyone better to be by our side to help us through such an important event!


Jaclyn L3/16/2021Congratulations!  Your search for a doula has officially ended.  My husband and I initially had no intentions of having a doula for our son’s birth.  We debated over the need for such a service wondering if it was worth the unplanned expense. I can honestly say hiring Jackie was was the best decision we made.  She’s just an overall awesome person.  Jackie has great energy, is extremely knowledgeable, very resourceful, and prompt when providing requested information. She was so comforting during my labor to both myself and my husband.  Jackie suggested a particular position for me to push and is the reason why our son was born so quickly. Treat yourself and hire the best doula in town!


Alexis Matheson2/20/2021Jackie is so lovely! I had an unbelievable experience working with her throughout my pregnancy and birth experience. She is so helpful, trusting and knowledgeable about all things related to pregnancy and birth. If you aren’t sure if you should have a doula, I would highly recommend one and recommend Jackie! She will greatly improve and help you achieve your desired birth experience!


Alexandra4/22/2020Jackie is a fantastic doula. She was available for any and all questions or concerns throughout my pregnancy and postpartum, day or night. She offered great suggestions to help ease my aches and pains, and helped craft my birthing plan. When it came time for delivery Jackie was there for almost my entire 30 hour labor and delivery - she even cut the cord! Her kindness, care and support was invaluable in giving me an empowering and beautiful birthing experience. I feel truly blessed to have had her by my side.


Crissy Sullivan1/31/2020Jackie was absolutely amazing and I honestly would not have made it through my labor and delivery without her! Being a first time parent, you don’t think about the minor things that can happen during labor/delivery, so having her there as part of my support system not only made my husband’s role more simplified, it brought both of us a sense of relief. I highly recommend her!


Alexandra Acord1/21/2020Jackie Symons is a wonderful Doula. My husband and I were unsure if we wanted to have a Doula, and we changed our mind one month before our baby was due. Jackie was very sweet and answered all my questions at our initial meet. She also came to my house twice before the baby was born, to go over birthing positions, and my birth plan. She was in full contact with me the day that my water broke. And was at my house within an hour of my husband calling her to tell her that we were ready for her to come. When she arrived she realize that I was in active labor and we immediately went to the birthing center. I was at the birthing center for a whole two hours before I gave birth to my little one. During that time Jackie made sure that I was staying hydrated that I had a hand hold and gave me words of encouragement. She was very professional and did not get in the way of the midwives. she stayed a few hours after the birth. Not only have I laughed with Jackie, but also cried. When my baby latched for the first time, I cried; as did Jackie. She is a mom who wants to support moms. The real help for me was postpartum. My son was tongue tied, lip tied, had jaundice, and I had cracked bleeding nipples, mastitis, fever, lack of sleep, and hormone imbalances for sure. I texted Jackie in the night because our little one wasn’t pooping enough or eating enough etc. She responded in the night and helped me through with encouraging me. I am a first time mom and didn’t know If I was doing a good job.  She sent me resources to things I needed and came to visit me postpartum. I would highly recommend, because of her calm and sweet disposition. 