DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
5 TESTIMONIALS

Jessica Brown

JB Doula Services, LLC

Derry, PA  Service range 50 miles  Additional travel fees may apply for long distance clients

7247393757

https://www.jbdoula.com/

Birth Fee

Not specified

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

CONTACT JESSICA VIEW JESSICA'S AVAILABILITY

Lydia Maley7/25/2022Hiring Jessica for the birth of my first baby was the best decision I made for our birth intentions. I was so anxious about birth. Jessica came to our house about a month before our due date to practice different pain management skills and coping techniques. She coached my husband through different postures/positions he could help me with to relieve discomfort. In the weeks leading up to our birth, Jessica made herself available via text. With all of the anxieties I had, it was such a relief to know she was always available to answer my questions about what was normal at that stage in pregnancy, how I could relieve discomfort, how to change the position of our baby from sunny side up to head down, etc. Now, on the actual day of my son's birth, Jessica was absolutely invaluable. She was such a calming, reassuring presence that brought me so much comfort. I can honestly say that labor would have been so much more difficult and painful had we not had her expertise to guide us. After my son was born, I had a retained placenta and had to be transferred to a local hospital. My hour-old son and husband had to remain at the birth center, so Jessica volunteered to go with me. I cannot express how grateful I am that Jessica accompanied me to the hospital. She advocated for me to the staff and communicated with my husband about what was going on. I truly cannot fathom how different (and much, much worse) my experience at the hospital would have been without her. She went above and beyond, and it made all the difference in the world to me and my little family. In the weeks after our birth experience, Jessica surprised us with a copy of our birth story from her perspective. Throughout our labor and delivery and after-birth processes, Jessica had been taking notes and pictures that she then shared with us. This document and the attached pictures are a priceless artifact that I will treasure forever. You will not regret having Jessica on your birthing team!


Nelson Milano7/20/2022Jessica was simply amazing before, during, and after the birth of our child! She was always attentive and provided a lot of helpful advice. While my partner was in labor, she was incredibly present and always encouraged me to be involved with assissting during the labor process. I don't think things would have gone as smoothly without her there. Jessica knew I was tired while at the birthing center and suggested that I should get rest and assured me that she had everything under control. I am so grateful that we decided to have Jessica as our Doula. I highly recommend her!-Nelson


Ashley7/19/2022Jessica came highly recommended by a friend of mine. I already had a good feeling about her just from his description of how amazing she had been during the birth of his child. After meeting her, my partner and I knew that she was going to be the perfect person to support me during labor. Even during our initial interview, Jessica was incredibly attentive to our needs. I was impressed by the questions that she asked, and her ability to make the both of us comfortable to share our needs, fears, etc.We had two prenatal visits with Jessica. She helped us to form a birth vision, a task which I had been completely overwhelmed by. She talked us through the process and typed up a beautiful birth plan. During Jessica’s second visit, she spent the time getting to know the best coping techniques for us to use during labor. I appreciated that everything was very hands on. It allowed us to easily access those strategies during early labor.When it was time to travel to The Midwife Center to give birth, I was incredibly grateful that Jessica arrived quickly to support us. The support that she provided during labor went well beyond what I had anticipated a doula would do! She was completely present the entire time. I was less able to communicate my needs than I had anticipated, but it didn’t even matter. Jessica was able to anticipate my needs without my having to ask. She was with me through every contraction, using massage, counter pressure, movement, and her guiding words to help me through. She ensured I stayed hydrated and even fed me watermelon that she had brought to share! When I was feeling overwhelmed, she talked through the fears that I was having and helped me to move past them.I ended up having such a positive birth experience, and I attribute that completely to Jessica. Her guidance was crucial in helping me to birth my baby boy in a way that I will remember fondly. 


John Davies7/12/2022This is from a father's eyes.The hard thing for me about being in the hospital  with my wife while she delivers is the complete sense of powerlessness. I knew there was nothing I could do to influence the outcome. With my first baby, I spent the long hours waiting for the baby by worrying. "Is my wife's body up to giving birth? Are the hospital personnel doing the right thing? How will I know?"Having Jessica there as an ally for our second delivery took so many worries off my shoulders. After anything happened, I'd look over at her and see if she was stressed. When she wasn't, I knew it was business as usual. She had seen many babies born, and if she wasn't concerned, I shouldn't be either.Fortunately, there weren't any problems. Our son took his time but eventually arrived fat and healthy.She was there for my wife, but I definitely benefitted too.


Adam11/19/2020Jess was a complete professional and allowed me and my wife to feel supported and prepared for the entire birthing process.  As 'dad,' I felt like I was cursed with powerlessness the entire pregnancy due to my wife struggling with seemingly no way for me to alleviate that struggle, and I expected birth to be the same.  Jess helped prepare me and my wife for the emotional and physical tax that would occur, and helped me learn skills and techniques to be there for my wife in ways I didn't know possible.  She helped make me a part of the process more than I thought possible.