DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
9 TESTIMONIALS

Jessica Ann

Happy Mama Place

Kingston, PA  Service range 100 miles  East Stroudsburg,Wilkes-Barre,Scranton,Danville,Berwick,Lehigh Valley,Honsedale

570-212-9520

https://thehappymamaplace.com

Birth Fee

$1250 to $1500

CONTACT JESSICA VIEW JESSICA'S AVAILABILITY


                                
                                    Kate McDougall 
                                    8/12/2022
                                
                                
                                    For our first baby, my husband and I wanted a doula to guide and support us through our whole pregnancy, birth, and postpartum. Jessica Ann was an advocate that was knowledgeable about several birthing circumstances. She provided resources, prenatal massages, acupressure, and unlimited calling/texting! She encouraged my husband’s involvement by teaching him support strategies, practicing labor positions with us at our home and giving him techniques to help me cope through labor. We did a hypnobirthing class where we got individualized attention. When I went into labor Jess came within an hour and helped me labor at home for the first 7 hours! She helped me make tough decisions like when to go to the hospital. I don't think I could have done the first 20 hours unmedicated of my 26 hour labor without her and my husband working together! I had awful back labor and Jess pressed her fist into my back for counter pressure for every contraction for 20 HOURS of labor! She repeated affirmations for me to focus on, helped me breathe slowly, supported me in the decision to get an epidural when labor became overwhelming, and reassured my husband that everything would be ok and calmed his nerves during that time.
Personally, the most invaluable way that Jess supported us was taking so many pics and videos of labor. The pics of seeing and holding our daughter for the first time is the best gift she ever gave us!After we came home, Jess came for a pp visit. She checked I was transitioning, and discussed my birth story. She reminded me of moments/silly things that happened during my labor that I had forgotten or didn't notice and asked how I felt about my story, even when it didn’t go as expected.
In summary, my husband and I both agree that Jess was worth every penny! Her calming and encouraging presence throughout it all removed a lot of anxiety, fear and pressure off both of us. We highly recommend her! Thanks for everything, Jess! 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Jennifer Lovell
                                    7/3/2017
                                
                                
                                    I was VERY late in the game in deciding to hire a doula (38 weeks). Reaching out to friends to ask for recommendations half as a joke because I didn't think I could find one on such short notice, Jessica's name came up a few times with good reviews. Jessica was flexible enough to fit me in and meet my needs, making sure I didn't miss out on anything even with being so last minute. Thankfully, we were able to cover everything. I appreciate her making me feel like I was heard, that I wasn't a bother, and that I deserved to have the birth I wanted. She was very attentive before and during the birth. She remembered everything I wanted and I loved that I didn't have to worry about the little things and could just focus on labor. Never having a doula before, it was such a blessing to have what I wanted, but didn't have to direct people. Her being a massage therapist is a definite plus and bonus as having her as your doula! :) She helped me relax during birth with massaging my neck and back. As I didn't have time for a pre-natal massage, I opted for the post-partum massage as it is part of her package. My whole experience with Jessica was a good one. I'm so thankful for her and I would recommend her! <3 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Ashley Trill
                                    6/26/2017
                                
                                
                                    I found Jessica early on in my pregnancy and I was so happy to have found her. I felt like I immediately connected with her. She checked up on me throughlut my pregnancy and her service included a prenatal massage at my home that was just amazing.  We went over my birth plan in detail and she was really great in including my partner along the way. She taught us many ways where my partner could assist in helping my labor with different types of squat positions and counter pressure. Jessica always made herself available when I needed her. The day I went into labor, she was there for me every step of the way and stayed all night at the hospital. She was very encouraging and helped me make decisions while at the hospital since the staff can be very overwhelming with questions while in labor. I did the placenta encapsulation and Jessica was super sweet to surprise me with the placenta art as a gift and it is so beautiful.  She also has many classes and workshops (prenatal yoga, baby sleep training classes, infant massage, and others) that are wonderful and very helpful that you can attend during pregnancy and even after.  She was a great doula!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Melissa Schmidt Brandstatter
                                    3/13/2017
                                
                                
                                    I didn't decide to have a doula until late in my pregnancy but I was so happy I found Jessica.  I desperately wanted a vbac after a rough first birth.  I was able to create a realistic birth plan and Jessica was there every step of the way to help me make it happen.  She came to the birth well prepared and well aware of my wishes.  She was quick to respond to and react any health care providers at the hospital who were not aware of or not on board with my wishes.  She was able to express my concerns to staff without my having to say anything in the moment and she was great with helping clarify my choices and answer questions as things progressed and changed during my labor and delivery.  Jessica was also able to help my husband be an active participant in the process and helped him know how to help me.  Having Jessica there was definitely instrumental in getting the vbac I wanted.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Mickey Menichetti
                                    3/12/2017
                                
                                
                                    My wife and I recently had our first child and Jessica was our doula. My wife wanted a doula and I had no idea what a doula was. At the time we were already taking birthing classes and I felt that the idea of a getting a doula was unnecessary. Ultimately my wife interviewed with Jessica and we decided to give it a shot. Fast forward to the birth, having Jessica to assist us and provide her services was absolutely critical to our positive birth experience. If you are considering having a natural birth I would strongly recommend Jessica. Her availability, support, and knowledge during the birth eased my wife's pain and allowed me to focus on my wife. She was our advocate throughout the whole process. During labor Jessica was able to direct us to what positions and actions would facilitate a quick and natural birth. Without her I'm not sure how we would have gotten through it. Jessica is easy to work with and laid back. I cant recommend her enough. If we have another child we will definitely want Jessica by our side! If you do nothing else in preparation for birth, hire Jessica and it will all be taken care of. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Garrett Grossnickle
                                    6/4/2016
                                
                                
                                    We hired Jessica Ann at the very end my my wife's pregnancy due to being new in the area but we found that she was very informative and very helpful during the last few weeks of my wife's pregnancy. We were hoping to have a VBAC birth but due to "medical reasons" she was not able to and we had a c-section instead, Jessica provided all sorts of information when the decisions were made and she was very supportive, my wife enjoyed the enduction massage she received 3 days prior to the section. when we went into the hospital for the section Jessica had no issues coming in before dawn and helping if she could. After my wife went Into Surgery Jessica was very patient and sat very well while waiting for the placenta but sadly there wasn't much she could do durning that process due to doctors limit on people in the OR. Once she received the placenta it was only a matter of a day or two before she brought us the pills and was in constant conunication and showed us plenty of pictures about the process. All in all I think my wife and I were content with the services renderd although I do wish she discounted her price for the fact that she was really just a walking Google until it came to the handeling encapsulation processions then her services were excellent, i would recommend her to other people seeking a doula in the future and will probably use her services again for our next pregnancy
                                
                            



                                
                                    jannet Figueroa
                                    4/24/2016
                                
                                
                                    Our first pregnancy and delivery was a success, big part thanks to Jessica. My husband and I were nervous to make the right decisions, since we don't have family in the area we needed support and guidance, Jessica was great! She gave us info for us to make an educated decision, and guided us to ask the right questions to the OB for us know the consequences of each decision and make the right one for us.
I had a C-section, and Jessica was waiting for us during the surgery, she guided me on how to start breastfeeding, calm down my baby and how to use the placenta Pills. She taught us how to massage baby Liam to relax him and bond with him.
It wouldn't have been the same without Jessica. We had a great experience and we were able to enjoy every moment of the amazing experience!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Sara Gliedman
                                    3/14/2016
                                
                                
                                    I just had my fifth baby a month ago, and after meeting with Jessica, decided she would be a great person to work with for the birth of my son. She was amazing through the entire process, checking in to see how I was doing, meeting up several times to make sure everything would be as close to how I wanted things to be as possible. She was always so warm and kind, making me and my family feel comfortable each time we met with her.
On the day my son was born, she came right away as soon as labor started. I thought I liked her before...well, in labor, she was AMAZING. Applying pressure when needed, which helped tremendously, she gave hugs, held my hand, massaged my head (which was heavenly in labor by the way), gave words of encouragement - I really couldn't have asked for anything more. My previous labor had been 39 hours, so I thought I was in for a long haul, but this was was quick, just over 4 hours and I can't imagine going through it without Jessica. She and my midwife made an incredible team - I'm so thankful that I chose Jessica - so thankful.
Since my son has been born, she has been checking in on me, making sure all is good after the fact. I have no regrets.
                                
                            



                                
                                    A.G. Zieger
                                    2/15/2016
                                
                                
                                    I am a birth doula myself, and hesitated on hiring a doula for my third home birth because I already had the knowledge, experience, and the nurturing environment that I felt I needed to get through the birth. However, my husband and I decided to have Jessica join us on our birth team because we felt it would be good to have the extra support and extra set of hands. First off, Jessica performed an induction massage when I was a week overdue, and at my next appointment, while not in active labor, I was 6 cm dilated! (From 2 cm the week prior.) I believe Jess's massage helped me to make some progress.
When it was time for the birth, Jessica was very responsive and came immediately when I called her. In early labor, I like to labor on my own, and Jessica completely respected that and kept her space. However, when my labor became very intense and I needed extra help, Jess was right there to provide counter pressure and massage, which significantly reduced the pain of my contractions. When pushing, Jess was right there holding my hands and stuck right by my side, giving me the security I needed. It was such a relief to know that there was a person there with no other responsibilities than to tend to my needs. It freed my midwife and her assistant to tend to birthing business. It also freed my husband and I to have our alone time and gave him a chance to "catch" our baby! 
Jessica was very good about checking in with me regularly via text message or phone call during my pregnancy, and made sure that I never felt rushed or pressured during the birth. Her massage skills are an AMAZING bonus to have in a doula! Even though I am experienced mother and doula myself, Jess lent a lot of skill and support to the birth. I am so grateful we had her come! 
                                
                            