DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
13 TESTIMONIALS

Lauren Wilson

Lauren Wilson - Golden Lotus Doula Services

Ellwood City, PA  Service range 30 miles  Willing to accommodate folks out of service area virtually or with understanding that they must do virtual visits or utilize our studio/office space

7244940117

https://www.facebook.com/lwbirthdoula

Birth Fee

$1550 to $2700

CONTACT LAUREN VIEW LAUREN'S AVAILABILITY

Emily5/26/2023We love Lauren! Being new parents, everything was brand new to us and we don't know what we would've done without her guidance throughout the process. She even stayed by my side the whole time in the ER during my c-section- on Easter Day! We had a beautiful pregnancy and birth experience, made even more special with Lauren's support. 


Chantal4/22/2023Lauren was a GAMECHANGER during my pregnancy and birth experience. I had a LOT of questions and concerns during pregnancy. At the end, things got a little complicated and I became really worried and stressed. Lauren was there for me like a really smart best friend. She provided facts, resources and comfort all within a safe space where I could express myself. I always feel like I'm bothering others and I didn't feel this way with her. During our birth experience (really long and nothing like what I wanted), Lauren helped us navigate our decisions, was an advocate for us with our doctors, and reminded us that we have control while balancing doctor recommendations. She also has some amazing pain relief techniques and was priceless during some of the worst contractions. Overall, she's amazing. She goes above and beyond. We originally decided on Lauren because we loved her personality (so down to earth) and we're so glad we did. If you're trying to decide if Lauren is the right doula for you, and your personality clicks with hers (so easy), then stop hesitating and go with her. She's amazing and feels like a friend I've had forever. 


Steve Murphy6/27/2022Lauren's presence was invaluable at my wife's labor and baby's birth. She helped comfort us, reminded us to rest and relax, and offered reassurance in unknown territory. She worked long and hard to offer any help she could.Maggie and I were both very tired, and Lauren stepped up to the plate with refreshments. We were unsure at times, and Lauren assured us that the process was progressing and that we were going to make it. When time seemed to slow, Lauren helped us pass it with conversation.Lauren's experience and training played a huge role, as she actively offered advice and encouragement. Also, as Maggie endured pain that is natural in childbirth, I worried, but Lauren's presence assured me that this was normal. She was there to watch out for us, and helped us to think about what questions to ask. 


Maggie Murphy6/27/2022Lauren was an absolute blessing to have around during my labor and delivery. She knew what was right and what was good for me to be doing. She stood up for what I wanted with my natural birth with the doctors, and she encouraged me throughout the whole process. I really felt comfortable and safe and like what I was doing was the right thing because of her encouragement. Whenever I asked her to do something like counter pressure, she was right on it and did it very well. I feel like I couldn't have had anywhere near as good of an experience without her, and my husband agrees. She communicated well during my pregnancy and was ready and willing to come when I called and said I'm going to the hospital.


Jonica Vournous4/10/2019My doula Lauren Wilson was amazing. Although I ended up with a RCS, she helped me and guided me throughout laboring. If it wasn’t for her I would not have been able to labor for as long as I did. I would highly recommend her if you’re looking Doula services. 


Cara Snyder4/3/2019Lauren is such a sweet soul and truly puts all of herself into her client's needs. She LOVES babies and everything related to pregnancy. A true birth nerd!I had to make some very difficult decisions during my pregnancy and postpartum, as I was diagnosed with breast cancer at 35 weeks. Lauren was there for me EVERY step of the way! She listened, offered suggestions, reviewed options, but most of all supported me and held the space that I so desperately needed. My whole world changed. We decided to switch to a hospital birth. It was still an absolute amazing birth and we were so glad to have Lauren there with us. At 37 weeks, we induced our son. We wanted to make sure he was fully developed, in a hospital if any emergencies arose and so I could start treatment sooner. My midwife was aware and supportive of my natural birth plan and allowed us to proceed using all natural induction techniques. Throughout the day, we kept Lauren in the loop about our progress and she cheered us on with each advance. She joined us in the early evening and was ready to help. I labored in the water, did lots of visualizations and needed to go deep within my mind and body. I am still proud that I managed to have an unmedicated, naturally induced birth. I felt very much in control and I really needed that since so much else in my life felt out of my control. She believed in me and never let that belief waiver!She took some amazing photos and one of my most cherished videos - me kissing my newly-born son! Lauren also went way above and beyond to help me acquire donor milk since I would have to stop breastfeeding a few short weeks after his birth. Not only did her connections set us up with months of milk for our son, it also brought in a beautiful amount of love, prayers and healing energy. We had strangers lifting up our family in the hardest of times! I truly love Lauren and am honored to call her my friend. I highly recommend her for your birthing related needs!


Kaley Lucas4/2/2019When interviewing doulas for our first birth the minute I talked to Lauren on the phone I knew she was the one. I felt an instant connection. When we met in person it felt like talking to someone I had known forever. I guarantee your birth experience, no matter what your plan is, will be a positive one with Lauren by your side. My husband and I are so grateful she was part of our birth. As first time parents she helped us not only with comfort measures during labor but also helped us to advocate for ourselves and really take a moment to think through our next step. Although my birth didn’t go according to “plan”, I had an overall good experience and felt I made the best decisions possible. I highly recommend a doula in general but especially if you are a first time parent. Lauren can help guide you through all your options and support you no matter what you decide.


Matt9/28/2018Can't speak highly enough of Lauren. Having our first child, my partner and I were more than a little anxious and overwhelmed. She and I are so grateful to have had Lauren as a doula. All of the information, reassurance, and positivity that Lauren was able to give to her in the last few weeks of her pregnancy were so helpful. When the day came, Lauren kept in touch around the clock, met us at the hospital as her labor began to transition, and stayed with us, giving her so much invaluable help and support, both during and after. Beyond that, Lauren was even able to take 200+ photographs for us throughout the night. As good as the hospital staff was, I'm very glad Lauren was able to be there just for us. My partner had more comfort during labor, more help and support during birth, and more confidence throughout the entire experience, and that is worth more to us than I can say.


A. Falk5/11/2018“That was the best decision we could‘ve made and best money spent!”(my husband). We absolutely loved Lauren & I couldn’t have done it without her! She was supportive and encouraging. She respected our feelings & wishes and helped empower us in our decisions regarding birth, without judgement. I can’t say thank you enough to her for Being a sounding board and providing info. She was a true advocate for our wishes without pushing us in one way or another. Lauren is not only a fabulous doula but an amazing person and a caring, loving Mom & woman. As I said I couldn’t have done it without her. I am 41 and just gave birth to a healthy, beautiful baby girl who was quite the surprise. My mom was with me at the birth of 3 of my other children but couldn't be at this birth which caused me a great deal of anxiety. My birth wish was to stay as close to a completely drug free and natural birth as possible, using essential oils, calming music/hypno and lots of walking. I had some complications that required me to have pitocin(which I didn’t want) but I was still able to deliver without any other medications or pain meds and was able to be fully present during birth and afterward. Those first moments having skin to skin and being able to breastfeed were magical. I am so thankful and grateful for this experience- it was beautiful and Lauren helped me accomplish this. She did exactly what was needed to help flow through each contraction, keeping me calm focused. She‘s an angel who comes fully equipped with her doula bag of goodies including wonderful massage tools for counter pressure! You will not only not be disappointed in choosing her as a doula but you will thank God you did, just as we have.  Thank you, Lauren, for being the most empowering, loving, caring and compassionate Doula. You will always have a special place in our hearts for the role you played in the birth of our blessing. Priceless!


Carley Weissert4/30/2018Lauren was an absolute dream! Her super sweet personality is lovely, and she’s got a way to make you feel totally confident in your ability to rock your birth. I loved getting to know her, and she was super easy to work with. Lauren made herself available to me without being pushy leading up to my daughter’s birth, and was such a comforting presence to have there. Plus, she brought us cookies, so... Win!


Cassie Hezlep4/28/2018Lauren was simply amazing. Her calm voice and demeanor are just one of the many reasons she is the perfect doula. She will really take the time to learn about you and what your dream labor/birth is, and will do everything she can to help you achieve that dream.  Having her there for the labor/birth of my daughter was priceless.  One moment that really stands out for me was when she was my support person during my epidural.  I was afraid and my contractions were coming so quick; Lauren let me squeeze her hands and rub my feet on her, because I was afraid of moving so this was my only outlet during contractions.  My birth experience would not have been the same with out Lauren.  She was also a great support person for my husband, and I know he is thankful for that as am I.Thank you, Lauren, for being there for me and my husband.  I am forever grateful for your time and support.Love,Cassie ??


Danielle Aulizio1/27/2018Lauren was my doula for my first labor! I had 50+ hours of back labor that turned into an emergency c-section! I couldn't have done it without her. She was a calming force to have by my side. She is really knowledgeable and super caring! She took the most beautiful pictures during labor and after my son was born. She was very reassuring and calming to have in the recovery room after the c-section. When we met for the post visit i was blown away to hear the birth story she had written for us, I will cherish it forever.  If you're on the fence about hiring a doula, I wouldn't think twice about it. Especially with Lauren, you will not regret it. Thank you Lauren for helping to bring baby Ceasar into the world.


Kara Sicard Barnes1/23/2018This woman is amazing! I had interviewed several Doulas and chose Lauren because of her compassion and openness to communicate. She supported me through my pregnancy and provided me with resources to educate myself and make birthing decisions. Lauren met with me to make a birth plan and we went over what was important to me and how to make alternate plans. I’m so glad we did this, because I needed an alternate birthing plan and felt calm, in control, and supported in my decisions throughout my labor. I love that Lauren supported my decisions through out the process without judgement. She made herself available to me on the day of my birth and even after hours and hours She made it clear that I was her only priority. Lauren helped show my husband how to support me in a way we both needed. After delivery she helped me learn to breastfeed. She also took beautiful photos and wrote me a personalized birth story. Lauren is a true blessing to my family and I thank God everyday for her presence and guidance during my sons birth. I would be happy to chat with anyone looking for a reference.