DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
30 TESTIMONIALS

Lila Backenstose

Conshy Doulas

Conshohocken, PA  Service range 25 miles  I serve the Western suburbs and the Main Line

484-716-2415

http://www.conshydoulas.com

Birth Fee

$1600 to $1700

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $45

CONTACT LILA VIEW LILA'S AVAILABILITY

Ashley Omlor4/28/2023The journey of new parenthood is a life changing experience. Unfortunately my first birth experience was difficult to navigate and process, so I knew for my second pregnancy I wanted to hire a doula for support. I interviewed multiple doulas, and the instant I began speaking with Lila I knew we were meant to connect. Lila's energy is warm, caring, confident, and sympathetic. Most importantly she is a compassionate listener and encourages you to process your thoughts, fears and concerns. My husband and I met with Lila several times prior to birth to make plans that made us feel at ease. Lila has a special way of understanding your needs and providing insightful recommendations on how to work through the process of pregnancy and delivery. We kept in close contact as my due date approached and Lila kept my mindset positive and was constantly encouraging me to be my own advocate during discussions with my OB. Once I went into labor, Lila stayed in close contact and arrived at the hospital as soon as I felt I needed her. Active labor was an intense 24 hour process, and Lila never wavered. Lila provided guidance and support to my husband as well, offering to give him breaks and time to rest. I was able to consult with Lila during the entire labor to ensure that my wishes were heard and respected by the staff. Lila provided options, solutions and ways to keep me moving forward. Her love and compassion shined through which kept me calm and focused. My birth wishes all played out exactly how I imagined: an unmedicated VBAC! It was the most exhausting and raw experience but a 100% positive and loving one! Even the doctor and nurses commented on how vital Lila was during the entire birth experience. She is professional and worked extremely well with my care team. I truly believe Lila was made to be a doula - it is her true calling. Her support is worth all of the money in the world! Lila is forever a part of our family!


Kelly Lesko7/6/2022Lila was absolutely essential to my support team with the birth of my second baby. My first birth experience was an unplanned traumatic C-section that left me and my husband with lots of frustration and fears. Going into our second birth, we knew we wanted to do everything we could to make it a better and different experience. We also knew that one of the best ways to do that was to have positive support and the power of knowledge/experience on our side. This led us to explore hiring a doula and ultimately to bringing Lila onto our birth team. Having meetings and correspondence with Lila during pregnancy made us feel extra prepared and helped us release our fears & frustrations.During labor Lila was a fantastic coach! She helped me stay calm and focused and in control. She also made sure I was staying hydrated, had cold compresses when I felt hot and she applied counter pressure in the trouble spots during the most difficult contractions. I believe it was because of Lila's support that I was able to make it through  9 hours of intense contractions without any interventions! If I were to have more children I would hire Lila again in a heartbeat! 


Jenna2/11/2022As a first time mom, I was unsure what to expect during pregnancy, delivery, and postpartum. Lila was a great support throughout. She was receptive to questions and thoughtful when I shared concerns. When I went into labor, she dropped everything and was at the hospital  quickly. My labor didn't progress as expected and Lila was engaged and supportive for my spouse and myself every step of the way. Additionally, Lila interacted so well with the nursing staff and I truly felt that I had a cohesive team working together to help my baby safely enter this world. If you are looking for a doula who is kind, knowledgeable, and thoughtful Lila is that doula. 


Jim2/2/2022Lila was outstanding to work with from the start. She gave us all the information we needed to help us think about what kind of experience we wanted and taught us how to stay in tune to the signals the baby was sending, which isn't always the focus of other healthcare providers. As soon as we got to the hospital and she joined us during labor we were immediately more confident and it went from a stressful medical procedure to an experience we felt in control of. The peace of mind from having her with us through the whole process was invaluable! 


Hannah Brown2/1/2022I can't recommend Lila enough! From our very first meeting with Lila, we saw value in her support. She helped us to outline our goals for delivery, and to feel very prepared going into our final weeks of pregnancy. On the night of our delivery, Lila gave us peace of mind while I labored at home, and guided us through the entire process. I was ready to forgo my goal of an unmedicated delivery until Lila walked through the door at the hospital. Lila's calming demeanor, back labor support, and ability to guide us through the unexpected pieces of our delivery brought me to the finish line. I give Lila full credit for helping us to have the delivery we wanted! 


Aaron Rosenbaum8/10/2021Our experience with Lila was excellent. She was always compassionate, caring, respectful, and professional. When we needed her, she was there. We worked with Lila throughout the last trimester of my wife's pregnancy, and we had three Zoom meetings with her (this was during the COVID pandemic). Lila provided great advice, answered all of our questions patiently, and served as a great resource and counselor during a time of significant anxiety for my wife and I. During the night of my wife's labor, she stayed in regular touch with us, providing us with advice and coaching us on what to ask for from the nurses. My wife's water broke at 5AM, and Lila promptly arrived at the hospital with coffee and bagel sandwiches to help me along and for my wife to enjoy after delivery. She helped stabilize us emotionally and provided tremendous support during and after labor. Moreover, for the first few weeks after our son arrived, she made herself available for questions and visited us to check in.We are extremely fortunate to have found Lila, and we would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a great doula that will work for and with you!


Keren and Andrew S.5/10/2021We are extremely grateful for Lila’s expertise and compassion during this pregnancy and delivery. It is rare to find a care provider who is able to so expertly listen. She deeply understood our concerns, hopes and needs.  We always felt supported. Lila was sensitive and thoughtful about when and how she provided additional information or advisement based on her expertise.  Lila compassion and advocacy were critical to avoiding what could have been a very negative birth experience. We are forever grateful for her presence and support before, during and after our child's birth.


Tyler Sylk4/28/2021Lila was a staple for me throughout my pregnancy during this pandemic. She spent hours at our house walking us through what would occur before, during, and after labor.  She answered our lists of questions and provided support during times of stress. She helped me prepare questions for my OB and empowered me to ask tough questions during both my pregnancy and the delivery of our son. She was there every step of the way. I highly recommend Lila as a doula especially for first timers! Thank you Lila for all of your help. We love you!


Tyler Kochenash4/12/2021To all the partners out there - hiring a doula is 100% worth it, trust me. We gave birth to our daughter during this global pandemic and Lila made us feel so much more comfortable heading to the hospital as if this wasn’t our first rodeo. Lila was one of the most honest, genuine, trustworthy people I have ever worked with! She made me feel calm under pressure, and kept my mind focused on the main prize, which was making sure my wife was comfortable, breathing, hydrated, etc.. Since Doula’s were still not allowed into the hospital during our childbirth, we decided to do everything virtually, but that didn’t stop Lila from doing everything she could to help us. She was always there when we needed her, especially the day our little baby was born. We called/FaceTimed throughout the night until she knew my wife was ready to head to the hospital. She stayed up all night with us until we delivered our baby at 6:22 in the morning! Lila is truely the best and we cannot wait to have her again for our second child!


Alyssa Deiss4/11/2021How do I put into words the wonderful experience my husband and I had with Lila? AMAZING. Lila is such a kind and compassionate human who is so dedicated to helping women and their partners through the birthing experience. As a first time mom, especially during a pandemic, Lila was truly an integral part of our journey. Even with the restrictions at the hospital and the rising numbers of Covid cases, our experience with Lila was almost completely virtual. She is great at communicating via video or phone chats and was able to guide us perfectly through my labor. I will always recommend Lila as a doula. We couldn't have been happier with our experience with Lila!!


Aprille Scheuring2/4/2021If you need someone in your court through this pregnancy and birth, Lila is your gal! I started my venture towards home birth with her and would have NEVER gotten the birth of my dreams without her on my side. She truly had my back and embraced my dream from the VERY start. My husband was 100% against home birth and she met with us to help me speak with him about it and just be my cheer leader, while helping me find some backing information to help me show him the decision I wanted to make was perfectly safe. Fast forward to today and my husband says he wouldn't have had it done any other way (and I can't agree more). Lila was not only there for me from the beginning but had the support I needed in some unique ways through pregnancy and birth. Being that I was having baby at home, there were things that needed to be combatted such as judgement from some doctors, breaking ties with care from the OBGYN I was with prior to my midwife, and figuring out how to get little man circumcised after he got here, and she was there every step of the way for me to just voice my frustration or bounce ideas off of when needed. The support I felt was every bit of what I needed. At the birth, she was my ROCK! I truly wouldn't have been able to survive this experience without the pressure she was happily (and I am sure exhaustingly) applying to my lower back and saying small pep talks to me gently just when I needed them. I knew home birth would be tough but I was honestly so relaxed knowing she was there to guide me and suggest what I would need to my hubs. Turned out she almost had to deliver me completely, my midwife arrived with 12 minutes to spare, but there was never a moment I saw panick on her face or felt anything less than confident that baby would be safe until midwife did show up (even if that was after he arrived). It was truly the experience of my dreams and without Lila on my side none of it would have been possible.


Christopher Mandracchia1/5/2021The idea of hiring a doula was new to me and found me googling the term to figure out what it was. I found out that a doula would help us with our child and in becoming new parents. However, I wasn't prepared for how great of an experience we would have with our chosen Doula - Lila. We highly vetted our selections as we needed her help during the covid pandemic and it was frightening. Lila became part of our family instantly. Her energy is calming and inviting and we looked forward to when she would come to our house. We would often find ourselves in conversation with her for over an hour just discussing parenthood and life. She doesn't make you feel stupid for asking questions that you think that you should know the answer to - no stupid questions. (I asked a lot of stupid questions).When they throw you out of the hospital with a baby, if you were like us, then you were probably like OMG, I can't believe they are sending this little baby home with us!? What do I do? Am I going to be able to do this? Dad's you should know that Lila is great for your wife, she helps her through this tough time. If you haven't been through this process yet, you should consider Lila. I didn't realize how wild this experience would be. Your wife is about to go through physical and mental changes and sometimes you just can't understand what they are going through. That is why it is good to have someone that can help. She helped my wife ease through the stresses of motherhood. She was able to address her concerns and help give her ideas and solutions when needed. Most importantly, she doesn't invade upon your parenting, rather she gives suggestions to help you with your style. She isn't your parent who will impose their ways upon you, she will help with a great personality and smile. (Continued)


Christopher Mandracchia1/5/2021(Continued from above)Dad's don't forget that she will help your wife, and a happy wife equates to a happier you! Whether your wife needs sleep, or just someone to talk to, Lila was there. She also made us at ease with her choices and contacts due to covid. We knew we could trust her and the communication was always there. She is very COVID Conscious and respectful of your concerns in having children during this scary time.Our child loved Lila, and was so calm with her. We truly trusted her with our child and did not doubt her ability to care for our child. Lila is a person who shines when she walks in a room. She truly cares and loves her chosen profession. She doesn't do this work because she has to, she does it because she has a passion for it. Her passionate and caring attitude make her a great doula. She is someone that I know am happy to call a friend. We truly miss Lila, and will be hiring her for any future children. You should highly consider Lila as your Doula - except when we need her!!!


Alexis M.1/5/20211 simple word for Lila – AMAZING!  I was an nervous, anxious first time mother in the middle of the COVID pandemic.  I had so much uncertainty and many questions.  My husband and I knew we needed help.  After 1 time meeting Lila we knew she was the perfect fit!  Lila brings a calm confidence to a room and make you feel at ease.  Her experience is invaluable.  She helped me with every question and detail I had from feeding, changing, cleaning bottles to things I didn’t even know.  Lila help me gain confidence in myself, while also proving me with support and much needed rest.  She was even there as a shoulder to cry on.  Lila truly became part of our family and I wouldn’t have made it this far with without her.


Amelia Dash1/6/2020It's difficult to distill my positive feelings about Lila into a few sentences. From our initial conversation, it was obvious Lila had a calming energy. More importantly, she clearly listened to my questions and perspectives. When we met her in person, I again felt she was thoughtful and a wonderful communicator. I was blessed with a pregnancy with few complications, but I am also a first-time mom and aware of my anxieties. Lila was always quick to respond to my questions with information, reassurance, and positive suggestions. During my last trimester, I wondered (obsessed?) about what exactly the birth would look like and what Lila's specific role would be. She reminded me she is intuitive and would respond to the many possibilities birth can present. I was still anxious, but we knew we had a teammate with more experience than we had. When the day of the birth began unexpectedly, Lila proved her worth many times over.  She helped make the process more calm, focused, and productive. She was able to respond and help us respond to variables we could not have predicted. In the end, I gave birth the way I hoped -- and we were introduced to our beautiful little girl quickly and with clear eyes because of Lila's support. I can not recommend her highly enough.  She will help you understand your priorities, respond to the teamwork of your partnership, and help establish both comfort and focus in an unpredictable process. We feel so lucky to have had her as a part of our birth story. 


Hannah Koenig11/21/2019I was really lucky to have found Lila. If it wasn’t for her, I wouldn’t have had the strength to make it through the unmediated labor I wanted. She kept my husband and I grounded and provided back labor support. I can’t recommend her enough.


Marissa Famularo10/1/2018During my pregnancy, my husband and I went back and forth about hiring a doula. We really weren't sure that we wanted or needed someone else to go through the birthing process with us. After reading a lot about doulas and what they do, though, I realized that having one with us during labor and delivery would actually be a smart move and would make unnecessary procedures less likely. I was lucky enough to find Lila online and was drawn to her because she had so many positive reviews from other moms. When we met Lila, we both immediately knew she was a great fit for us. She brought positive energy and optimism into the planning process from the first meeting.  Lila helped us create a brith plan that worked for us and also helped us plan for possible changes so that we didn't feel blind sided later.In the week before my baby was born, I had a lot of questions about changes I was experiencing. Lila was always available to answer questions or just to talk about how I was feeling. It was really helpful having someone to validate my experiences and tell me that everything I was feeling was normal. It took a lot of stress away from both my husband and I.When the day finally came to have my baby, nothing went according to plan. Luckily for me, Lila was there, helping us through. During labor she was incredibly helpful and integrated seemlessly into my medical team, even though I delivered at a hospital that rarely sees doulas. My doctors and nurses even commented on how helpful she was. She helped me exprience the birth I wanted, without an epidural, even after I needed pitocin. She kept my spirits up and gave me confidence when I needed it most. When I gave up, she believed in me. Both my husband and I considered her help to be invaluable and we are so so glad she was there with us.I honestly cannot recommend Lila highly enough!! :)


Hetty Eisenberg Rolnick6/14/2018We feel fortunate to have been able to have Lila present for the birth of our daughter. We were immediatley drawn to Lila’s kind, gentle presence. As we got to know her more, we greatly appreciated her responsiveness and willingness to answer any and all questions. This was invaluable during pregnancy and postpartum. She has a ton of experience, but is also open to different paths. She meshed well with the medical staff which was important to us. We highly recommend Lila!


Joshua Arthur5/23/2018Lila was an incredible partner when my wife delivered our second child.  Since labor was induced when my wife delivered our first child, we were anxious about the still-unknown process of progressing through natural labor for the second.  Lila was responsive, arriving at the hospital to meet us on barely an hour's notice, and she was a calm, reassuring presence throughout labor and delivery.  She balanced being receptive and proactive, suggesting laboring positions and techniques without being prescriptive or pushy, and ensured my wife had someone in the room focused solely on her comfort and well-being.  Lila helped us adhere to our birth plan and is the principal reason we both look back on the birth with complete satisfaction.  I recommend Lila with my highest enthusiasm to any expectant parents-to-be.


Ashley Di Giore5/14/2018Lila is amazing! We began searching for a doula when I was about 4-5 months pregnant. We loved Lila from our first meeting with her, and ended up cancelling meetings with out her doulas because we just knew she’d be the best. She was helpful and supportive from that first meeting on. Any time I had a question or a concern, I just emailed or called her and received a quick and helpful response. My pregnancy was rough, so I appreciated having this extra support.Lila was also amazing from my first contraction (Monday) to my son’s birth (Wednesday). She stayed in contact with me through this time, and was quick to get to the hospital when I let her know I needed her. She jumped right in helping me manage contractions (I didn’t have any meds/an epidural). She stayed with me for a bit after birth, too, helping with breastfeeding, after care questions, and keeping me company while my husband was stuck out of the room. She made the whole birth experience betterI would highly recommend Lila to anyone looking for a doula!


Rachel Spoonhower3/27/2018My husband and I liked Lila from the first time she entered our home for a meeting. She was very caring and eased my anxiety about birth from that moment forward. She was very easy going and flexible with our pre-labor meetings. She answered all of my questions and kept me calm throughout my pregnancy. Within one day, she dropped off a book to answer some of my questions she couldn't answer directly.During labor, she was very helpful in keeping us informed on what was happening when medical staff was not as informative. She eased my husband during the labor process and helped him stay involved while also being involved herself.Lila was also extremely helpful post partum and visited my house upon an urgent request to help with breast feeding and milk supply questions. She had no hesitancy to make an extra trip to make sure that I was ok.We definitally would recommend Lila to anyone looking to get a duola! The birth of our first child was a very positive experience with her help!


Julie Arthur3/8/2018I truly believe every woman should have a doula for the birth of her child, and I am so glad I found Lila to support me when my second child was born in February 2018. Lila felt like a trusted friend from the beginning, always available to answer questions and refer me to valuable resources online and in the community. She got to know me and my husband and learned all about our experience with the birth of our first child, which formed a lot of our feelings about how we wanted our second birth to go. No matter the question or concern, she was able to relate to it with her own experiences and those of the women she has helped. She made me feel much more comfortable about the upcoming labor and delivery. Knowing Lila would be with us, I felt empowered to have a natural, unmedicated birth, as I did with my first.Contractions started and labor progressed very quickly, but Lila made herself available at the drop of a hat. Given the speed of the delivery, there was a lot of activity in our hospital room. Nurses and staff were asking questions and making requests to prepare for the imminent birth, but Lila was a constant calming presence who was solely focused on my and my husband's needs. She helped me focus and breathe through each contraction in an otherwise hectic environment. She held me up and encouraged me when it was time to push, and before I knew it we had a beautiful baby boy. I couldn't imagine the experience without her!


bridgett Kerns1/3/2018Being a first time mom who knows so little about newborns, I was afraid of everything that was to come.  So my husband and I made the decision to get a doula.  The first meeting with Lila was casual and we knew immediately she was the doula for us.  I'm a huge introvert and Lila was and is super easy to talk to and get along with.The first prenatal meeting was a lot of information but Lila stayed until all our questions were answered.  The second meeting was similar.  The meetings put me at ease because they were so in depth.  I was educated on baby positioning, labor, pain management during and before labor, breastfeeding and newborn care.  I felt a lot more at ease knowing all this information ahead of time.Whenever I had any questions about any changes in pain or questions about how baby was moving, Lila was always there to answer questions.  I probably would have went into get checked a whole bunch of times if I didn't have Lila reassuring me that everything was normal.During labor and delivery, she was a huge support and got me through one of the toughest things I've ever done.  When it was time for delivery, Lila reminded me what to expect and what to do.  Luckily, labor and delivery was relatively quick but it was still intimidating and my husband and I would have been lost.I cannot recommend Lila enough to anyone looking to get a doula.  I originally was not going to get a doula but I'm so glad that I did.


Meg Summer11/7/2017After we got home from the hospital, I was emotional and exhausted.  I had not slept in about a week and needed help urgently.  Lila was amazing! She came and spent the night and took care of feeding, cleaned up and did laundry, gave us new parenting advice and was such a help.  I finally got some rest and felt so much better.  I strongly recommend her! She really did save us.


Rob Briggs10/29/2017Lila was there physically and emotionally when I could not.  She put my wife at ease which put me at ease.  It was great just knowing that while at work, my wiofe had someone to lean on.She knew exercises to help move the birth along that i did not.Lila was the calming precence in the room which was a great help.Even after it was determioned that a c-section was needed, Lila was there to offer any help and services my wife needed and wanted.


Mary Elizabeth Harris10/17/2017The minute you meet Lila it is apparent that she is meant to be a Doula.  She is kind, nurturing, calm, and has a silent strength about her.  She is not pushy of her ideas (as I found some other potential Doulas to be).  Lila simply helped me think through what was really important to me and supported me the whole way through, even when those ideas changed!My husband was initially reluctant about hiring a Doula but after meeting Lila and especially after our baby's delivery he now says it is the best money he has ever spent.  Thanks to Lila I was able to have a successful VBAC at a hospital that is not typically known to be 'VBAC friendly".  She was such a source of both strength and calm for me.  Her presence leading up to my baby's birth, during, and after were absolutely priceless.  Even the doctor and nurses were giving her hugs after delivery. Every time I think of my baby's birth, I think fondly of Lila and how much of it I owe to her.


Rachel Briggs10/12/2017It's been two years now since I had my daughter and had Lila as my doula.  I still remember being induced and excited only to experience three days of non-labor and that Lila was there when I needed her. She helped me keep my sanity :), kept me focused and reminded me to ask questions, stop and think before making decisions. It was hard to remember those things when you just want the kid out. Lila was a great sounding board, especially during our lovely walks in the hall. While my husband was supportive, having Lila there was invaluable and was the best decision I made. :)I highly recommend Lila to be there for your family.  :)


Fei Xue10/12/2017Loved having Lila as my post partum doula.  She was amazing with my son, warm, gentle, but extremely capable.  Would definitely recommend her to other moms and dads.


Ken Tarr8/23/2017Lila was amazing throughout the whole process. She was super responsive to our questions and as first time parents this was essential to our sanity leading up to the birth. She was very helpful during the birth helping me attend to my wife; giving me helpful suggestions and ways that I could best support my wife during the process. She is encouraging and a positive force that made our birth experience amazing. Thanks Lila! HIGHLY recommended to anyone that wants to ensure that they have a great birth experience


Noelle Tarr8/18/2017If you're looking for a doula who is compassionate, knowledegable, quick to respond, and can read her clients needs well—Lila is THE ONE! I had a completely unmedicated hospital birth, and I couldn't have done it without Lila's support. I ended up having prodromal labor at home for days, and when I was completely exhausted and hadn't even tecnically started labor yet, Lila's advice and attention via text is what helped me get through it. Once at the hospital, Lila did any and everything for my husband and I to make sure we were supported. She made gentle suggestions, and never interfered with our connection, only enhanced it. I really wanted someone who would be able to take my "directness" during labor (I tend not to have the most sensitive tone when I'm in pain! :) ) and Lila didn't miss a beat or make me feel like I needed to be anything but myself. Couldn't recommend her enough!