DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Loretta Kane

Sunflower Doula Services LLC

Langhorne, PA  Service range 40 miles

267-784-7949

https://doulaloretta.wixsite.com/my-site

Birth Fee

$900 to $1200

CONTACT LORETTA VIEW LORETTA'S AVAILABILITY

Melissa Brzycki2/7/2022Loretta was wonderful! She was kind, warm, throughly prepared and knowledgeable, and very responsive to my needs and desires. She never questioned or pushed back on any of my choices, only supported me through every step. She also grounds her doula work in evidence-based practices, which was particularly reassuring.I ended up having a c-section because of breech positioning, so Loretta pivoted from labor prep to c-section prep. She walked my husband and I through the likely process so that we would be prepared for everything beforehand.I highly recommend Loretta if you’re looking for a doula.


Erin12/12/2021We had the most wonderful experience with Loretta! From the very first meeting she became part of our family. My very shy 2 year old LOVED playing with her. Throughout my pregnancies she checked in and made sure I was feeling good and supported. She even remembered by son's birthday and made sure to text me to wish him a happy birthday. Towards the end of my pregnancy I started to have blood pressure issues. She lent a hear to listen to my thoughts and my fears. She regularly sent me encouraging words, prep materials and techniques. My water ended breaking at 37 weeks and even though it was before our "contract" she made sure she was available to me during my whole labor. She was waiting at the hospital before we even got there!! During labor she was exactly what I needed. She had a Mary poppins bag filled with things to help me relax, things I didn't even know I needed. She was amazing at holding up my hair when I was hot or applying counter pressure during contractions. I ended up having the unmedicated birth I was dreaming of and I can honestly say it would not have been possible without her love and support. She has basically become an honorary grandma in our house and we still keep in touch regularly. I cannot recommend her more and will certainly be contacting her when we decide to have another baby. 


Andrea8/31/2021Loretta was a wonderful partner to be part of our daughter's birth. She takes a warm approach even from the first meeting. Before the birth, Loretta ensured that she knew our birth preferences and how she could best help us make that experience come to life. She had several resources for my husband and I to read in advance to help educate us on what to expect during the labor, breathing techniques, etc.  I was having some SI pain and she was able to help me find a prenatal chiropractor in the area to help me with my discomfort.  Her communication is top notch. She would check in with me periodically as we approached my due date and gave many words of encouragement as we waited patiently for baby to show signs of arrival.  Once I started to feel early labor contractions she responded very quickly and gave me suggestions to comfort throughout the day while feeling those iniatls contractions.  Once it was time to go to the hospital, she was there promtptly and was actually there waiting for us and greeted us as we arrived (so comforting to see a famillar face).  I intended on having a natural/non medicated birth and Loretta was very helpful in the delivery room with comfort measures. She also gave my husband suggestions on how we could help comfort during the peaks of the labor.  After the birth, her warmth continued as she checked in several times to see how I was doing and how our family was adjusting.  Loretta truly takes an approach of mothering the mother. I would highly recommend her for anyone considering a doula. Loretta is warm, kind, respectful, and listens. 