DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
2 TESTIMONIALS

Marlee & Megan Malone-Franklin

Riverbend Birth

Pittsburgh, PA  Service range 20 miles

412.206.6335

https://www.pittsburghbirthservices.com/

Birth Fee

$2300

Postpartum Rate

$40

Availability Remarks: In-person support available in the Pittsburgh, PA area, and virtual support available for clients outside our local area

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Elizabeth R.2/26/2019   When my friends urged us to work with a doula for the birth of our first baby, I could never have imagined the support, technical and emotional, that we would find with Megan and Marlee. I had a difficult labor and I am not sure we could have made it through without Marlee’s  coaching. Yet the physical pain of the labor was nothing  in comparison with the emotional anguish of being told that, because I had the flu during birth, I would have to be separated from my baby for an undetermined amount of time. This separation was accompanied by an utter lack of compassion by the mother-baby unit staff. If it were not for Marlee’s advocacy, the separation would have been that much more painful and most likely more prolonged. As 1st time parents know there is nothing more frightening than those first few days when you get home to find yourself responsible for a delicate human life. Marlee and Megan have been uncompromising in their willingness to answer all our questions at all hours of the day. We created a WhatsApp group through which they made themselves available day and night to answer all our questions with 0 judgment, only evidence-based answers, and a degree of patience and compassion to which I can only aspire. They tell me to not apologize for bombarding them with questions, but I keep doing it because I can’t find a sufficient way to show to them just how grateful I am. The comfort their support has afforded us in these anxiety-ridden days is simply invaluable. We are both  PhD students and make little money. Working with a doula was an expense that was beyond our budget. We interviewed several doulas, but the second Marlee and Megan left our intro meeting my husband and I didn’t even say a word bc we knew they were the ones. Working with them has been the best thing we could have done for ourselves and our baby, and in a time of such insecurity it is one decision of which we are entirely sure. 


Lydia Anne10/11/2018Megan and Marlee are amazing! I am so happy to have hired them.I hired them for my second pregnancy, birth and post partum. They are so funny, compassionate, caring and knowledgeable.Are you trying for an unmediated birth? Hire them. I did try for unmedicated and I labored for several hours in so much pain but was able to get through with their help. Holy crap so painful! Lol.Are you going to be medicated? Hire them. Are you going to have a c section? Hire them for the awesome prenatal and post partum support! They don't judge at all that's what's so awesome about them. Your birth experience is your own and every birth is different.Bottom line Hero Birth Services is the absolute best not to mention you get the support of two doulas instead of one! Yay!