DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Melissa Lucchesi

Moon Sage Mama, LLC

Media, PA  Service range 50 miles

http://moonsagemama.com

Birth Fee

$1450

Postpartum Rate

$35

Availability Remarks: Mindful, trauma-informed support fertility through postpartum and lactation. Serving the Greater Philadelphia Area, South Jersey, and DE (Christiana, Nemours, DE Birth Center)

CONTACT MELISSA VIEW MELISSA'S AVAILABILITY

Cait Versella4/6/2023I cannot find the right words to explain just how enhanced my birthing experience was with Melissa. Our pre-meetings helped ease my anxieties, we talked through a ton of different scenarios for my birth and how I would want to handle them. Having all those decisions pre-made was such a relief. But as anyone who has given birth knows, the best laid plans.....and of course, it got really hard and I got very scared and Melissa was right there alongside my partner walking me through every moment until I was calm again. She made the experience worth remembering and not one that I want to pack away and forget never happened. I am able to look back at my birth story now with love and joy and a strong feeling of gratitude. In the birthing room, we laughed together, we cried together, we did informal group therapy together to heal each other (and our nurse!), and that is an experience I wouldn't trade for the world.


Nora Wright3/15/2023I worked with Melissa for my second baby and it made all the difference! If I could only keep one part of that birth, it would be hiring her again. If there was anything I could change for my first birth, it would be to have her there. I found Melissa because of her specialty in trauma and working with anxiety. I wanted someone who could understand and validate that I had worries about my birth based on past experiences and help me work through them and create a different outcome. When I gave birth, the outside circumstances of my second ended up looking a lot like my first, but because Melissa was there, it was TOTALLY different. I was more resilient, I felt safer, I trusted myself more, and my husband had this incredible support. He was blown away by her and we both attribute our positive memories to her, hands down! We cannot believe we were so lucky to have her in the face of unexpected circumstances.Having Melissa with me through my pregnancy made a huge difference. During our prenatal sessions, I felt like I was really honoring my pregnancy and this new baby. Getting together was like having a best friend and a mentor and a guide all at the same time. They were these rich hours together that are precious memories from my pregnancy. During my birth, she knew exactly how to support me throughout the experience. Her ability to alleviate discomfort through counter pressure was truly amazing and made her support worth every penny!! It eliminated my need for an epidural, even though I was being induced with a high level of Pitocin, and she helped me labor using relaxations, a birthing ball and her hands on support. As a birth instructor myself, I often recommend Melissa because, by now, she has worked with so many of my moms and their births are always incredible. Whatever the birth setting, she creates a really safe container. She has SO much experience and she's just a kind, loving person. I can't recommend Melissa enough!


Danielle R3/10/2023Where do I even start? Melissa was everything I needed to go from anxiety and panic about my impending birth after a traumatic experience with my first birth, to feeling prepared, excited, and even hopeful. During our two virtual sessions leading up to the birth, she let me share my previous birth story and helped me unpack exactly what happened and what I was actually afraid of. I was not expecting her to be such an incredible help with my mental state for the few months prior to the birth in addition to being physically present for the actual event. I can honestly say that Melissa is the reason I arrived at my birth place smiling, present, and ready for whatever happened. The birth happened so fast that Melissa was only actually with me for about 3-4 hours, but knowing she was there and in my corner made a big difference nonetheless. I had hired a doula the first time as well, but did not feel that support and care that everyone talks about. THIS was that care. Melissa, thank you so much for everything you did for me and my partner! I can't say enough good things about working with you.


Molly3/9/2023I feel like divine timing is to thank for having Melissa be present at the birth of my daughter. I waited until my third trimester before deciding to hire a doula and it just so happened I found Melissa and she was available. From the moment I met her in person I knew she would be a wonderful presence to have on my birthing day. Her expertise, her gentle and calming presence, and her firm yet lovingly boundaried  ways of engaging when it's time to make game-time decisions are the perfect blend of traits to have in the birthing room. One of my favorite moments from my birth is both of us looking at each other in total disbelief with happy relieved laughter after my daughter was born (almost with no one else in the room!) Melissa is truly a professional, gifted at what she does, and someone you want by your side at the most transformative time of your life!


Kelly Trese3/9/2023My experience with Melissa was wonderful! She attended my third birth and I couldn't have been happier having her there. During our prenatal meetings, she helped me and my husband mentally and emotionally prepare and I knew she was someone we could trust. During labor and birth, I felt her presence grounded me, through her calm and steady physical touch as well as her supportive and generous words of encouragement. She was so in tune with me, my partner, our baby, and our midwives. She knew just when to lean in and help and when to lean back and watch. Her steady, confident, reassuring presence was just what we needed. A few weeks after birth we met again to process the birth and her kind words will always stick with me. Melissa's knowledge as a doula, her dedication to us as a birthing family, and her generosity of spirit were all invaluable parts of our birth experience.