DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
4 TESTIMONIALS

Rebecca Scott, CD(M)

From the Heart Birth

Pottstown, PA  Service range 35 miles  Cannot commute into the city of Philadelphia

4845580918

https://www.fromtheheartbirth.com/

Birth Fee

$850 to $1000

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

Availability Remarks: I offer a postpartum package for 90 daytime hours within the first 6-8 weeks after birth as a transition into parenthood feeling fully supported!

CONTACT REBECCA VIEW REBECCA'S AVAILABILITY

Claire Shade5/29/2023I had the privilege of working with Rebecca throughout my prenatal journey. She exuded warmth and genuine care, making it easy for my partner and I to connect with her!One of the aspects that truly stood out about Rebecca was her non-judgmental approach. She genuinely listened to our wants/needs without imposing her own beliefs. This allowed us to feel supported and empowered in making decisions that felt right for us. With her guidance, she helped us create a personalized birth plan tailored to our specific preferences, ensuring that our voices were heard.She walked us through the entire birthing process; from teaching us various labor positions to demonstrating effective breathing techniques. What truly impressed me was her unwavering encouragement for me to believe in myself and my body's capabilities.Additionally, I really appreciated how inclusive she was towards my husband. She made a conscious effort to involve him in every conversation and ensure that he was well-informed and prepared for his role as my birth partner.Rebecca’s wealth of knowledge was truly impressive! Her expertise was apparent in her ability to explain complex concepts in a clear and understandable manner. I strongly recommend Rebecca to anyone seeking professional and compassionate support throughout their birthing journey!


Kat5/26/2023I’d highly recommend Rebecca to anyone looking for a doula! She made me feel so safe, supported and empowered to take action for the things I wanted out of my birth experience. Rebecca also taught me and my partner the tools we needed to be mentally, physically and emotionally prepared for labor and delivery.


Erin Neuner and Dale Hardy12/22/2022Towards the end of my pregnancy, my husband and I decided to hire a doula since I wanted to experience a natural birth without medications. I found Rebecca and she was an instant match. Prior to the birth of our baby girl. she had coached and supported my husband and myself about the birth plan, what to expect in the birthing process, and recommendations to prepare for the birth. During out long labor, Rebecca was a godsend and my husband and I always say how we could not have done it without her. She stayed in the labor and delivery room with us, providing me with natural techniques to get through the contractions while emotionally supporting us both. Although our birth did not go exactly to plan, she always supported our wishes. After our daughter was born, we used Rebecca to help me with the baby since my husband had to return to work. She is a natural with newborns and cared for our child like we would, if not better! Being a new mom, I was very anxious and often reached out to Rebecca for tips or even just to vent my concerns that day. She never passed any judgment and was always there to listen. There is no doubt in my mind that a doula is essential in the birthing process and Rebecca is an exceptional one. I hope that she continues to be part of our family in years to come. 


Kristen K.10/4/2022My experience with Rebecca was absolutely amazing. I met her through the BRC when I called for help with my birth plan.  I was already 8 months pregnant and shared with her my desire to have an unmedicated birth. While I only had a little bit of time to work with her before the big day, she showed me and my husband different practices that would help me cope with an unmedicated birth.  By the recommendation of my doctor, I elected to be induced a day before my due date. When Rebecca arrived at the hospital the intense contractions started and I was already starting to change my mind on the epidural.  While Rebecca was supportive of whatever decision I made, she reminded me of my birth preferences that I discussed in the weeks prior and offered to try some ideas that would help me deal with the pain.  Rebecca helped me move into different positions, use pressure points and other methods that kept me going from hour to hour without use of an epidural.  In the 11th hour the doctors lost track of the baby’s heart rate, and then after a cervical check, they felt a foot.  The baby had flipped into breech position and because of not having vitals on baby, they called for an emergency c-section. While it did not go according to my plan, we all came out healthy.  Looking back on it, it amazes me how Rebecca was able to get me through labor the whole night.  Not only did she provide a comforting voice for me but she also reminded me of my own strength.From my husband’s perspective, he really appreciated having another female support person in the room. She helped him help me, which was difficult for him since this was a first for him too. I know he was scared and didn’t like seeing me in so much pain but her confidence helped him be present and actively participate in labor. I can’t imagine how the evening would have gone without Rebecca’s support. 