DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
11 TESTIMONIALS

Shanan Garber CD(DONA)

Barefoot Doula LLC

Mount Joy, PA  Service range 45 miles

7178751306

Birth Fee

$1250 to $1500

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $45

CONTACT SHANAN VIEW SHANAN'S AVAILABILITY

Lauren Golaszewski11/13/2022If you are reading this review, you are likely considering the benefits of hiring a doula for your birth, and specifically the benefits of hiring Shanan. Do it! Do you want a home birth? A hospital birth? There is no limit to the benefits of a doula-assisted birth, and we loved having Shanan for ours. Words cannot express our gratitude for the comfort and support she provided during the labor and delivery of our son last month. The nursing team and Dr. were great, but as their shifts each ended, we were especially grateful for Shanan’s consistent support. Her calming presence and knowledge, her compassion and affirmations, not only provided a joyful, satisfying and supported birth, but I’m convinced helped to lay the foundation for a positive postpartum period as well. I can’t imagine having had as positive a birth experience without Shanan. If you’re on the fence about whether a doula is necessary or not, do yourself a favor and set up an initial phone chat. From our first conversation, her positive energy and genuine passion for this work was so obvious; I knew she had to be a part of our team, and we will forever be grateful that she was. 


Haley H8/22/2022Shanan was indespensible as my Doula. She made me feel heard every step of the way during my pregnancy. She helped me weigh the pros and cons as questions arrose during my prenatal care. She aslo offered wisdom from all of her prior and nuanced experiences. During labor Shanan was immediately available and dedicated. She came as soon as I needed her and without her assistance, I would not have been able to endure the intesity of a 24 hour labor. Her hands on skills were amazing and provided much needed phsyical pain relief. She is strong and confident while being a comforting and calming presence. My husband was so relieved to have a someone to share the responsibility of birth partner. She also helped keep his mindset calm and focused. I feel so lucky to have found Shanan and have her be part of my birth/prenatal team. Shanan is so compassionate and capable, I would highly reccomend her to all expecting mamas.


Jan1/1/2022Shanon was the perfect doula for my son and daughter-in-law. We were hoping for a natural birth with no complications and we got that with Shanon's help. She came at just the right time and provided the positive energy. She brought her own set of labor aids to help with pain management. She definitely helped the laboring mom to avoid having an epidural. She was sensitive to their needs and preferences. We recommend Shanon for those looking for labor and delivery support. 


Ibtissam12/30/2021Shanan is an amazing doula who I would recommend to anyone. I am a first time mom and I knew that an unmedicated natural birth was going to be a challenge for me. Shanan not only stayed up with me all night until noon the next day, but she also supported and reminded me of my original goal in times when I felt like giving up. She has a lot of knowledge and experience. I am so thankful for her support, as well as my husband.


Kasey Langan8/16/2021Shanan attended the birth of both of my sons. My first had Trisomy 13 and multiple birth defects. Shanan stood by my husband’s and my side, even hours after he passed away. My second was a home birth of a healthy baby boy. Both times Shanan was kind, caring, and peaceful. She has a talent for empowering mothers through their birth physically, mentally, and emotionally, and her presence was a vital part to both journeys.


Jasmine martin8/16/2021At 35 weeks pregnant I decided I want a doula. I reached out to Shanan. She was quick to reply  and set up an appointment! The day of my babies birth I was so relieved when I saw her walking in.  She was very nice and coaxed me threw without and epidural, even though I was induced. A postpartum hemorrhage happened then. She did great in reminding me they are taking good care of me, as my nerves were getting the best of me. My husband was very impressed. We will hire her with any future births.


Rachel Martin7/29/2019When I first connected with Shanan Garber of Barefoot Doula, I was pregnant for the second time with my 3rd baby (1st pregnancy was twins and a c-section delivery) I was hoping to have a VBAC, and discussed this with Shanan and was thrilled to have her on board.   Unfortunately, as the pregnancy progressed I was told I needed to have a repeat c-section.  I then felt frustrated that I couldn't have the birth experience I wanted, but Shanan was nothing but kind and encouraging in our communications prior to the birth, and was such a big help the of day to help calm my nerves just by chatting before the c-section.  She was also a big help during the c-section, since I couldn't see what was going on she was willing to take some pictures, and also asked me if I wanted the nurses to wipe the baby down (which I said was fine, but I was glad she caught what they were about to do and verified with me that it was fine for a quick wipe.. I just didn't want baby to have her first bath until a day or two later).  A few weeks after my baby was born she checked in to follow up and offer more encouragement and just check in emotionally, and she even brought a delicious meal for our family!  I can not say enough lovely things about Shanan.  If you need a doula- she's your girl!


Alysha7/18/2019I am so happy with the services we recieved from Shanan. I'm glad we went through with having a doula for my first pregnancy. She stood by me and answered all my questions. Even with my birth plan being changed due to needing an emergency c section having Shanan there was great. We will definitely be using her in the future if we decide to have another kid. 


Kasey Langan2/21/2019Shanan reached out to me and offered her help after learning that I was pregnant with a little boy who was expected to not survive after birth due to several birth defects. Neither my husband or I really knew what to expect from having a doula. Honestly he was somewhat reluctant, but we agreed to take her up on her offer to help us. I went into active labor early Valentine’s Day morning and Shanan was right there with us. This was my first pregnancy, so I didn’t always know the most beneficial way to get through the contractions. She was able to talk me through and utilize different techniques, many that we wouldn’t have thought of, to cope with them as they came on quickly. This was an extremely emotional moment for my husband and myself, and we were so thankful that she was by my side the entire time I was laboring at the hospital and for several hours after our son was born and passed. She was kind, caring, calming, and compassionate the entire time. We would ABSOLUTELY recommend her to anyone who could use doula services, even if you never considered having one. Thank you, Shanan, for everything you did for us.


keirsten2/21/2019Shanan was great to work with. We were friends for years prior to my pregnancy and when she found out I was pregnant she offered her services to me. I thought it would have been weird to have extra people in the room but I can honestly say I felt very comfortable with Shanan and would have been lost without her. Shanan was easy to work with and was very accommodating to any last minute appointments or emergencies as needed. during my labor she was able to snap me back to reality every time I would lose focus and could apply just the right amount of pressure in the right areas of my sides and back to make most of the pain from the contractions all but go away. I personally decided to get an epiduralbut when after that she was a major help and good sorce for information. All and all I had an amazing experience and would recommend Shanan to everyone. 


Kelsie Hess10/22/2018My husband was very distant and overwhelmed during the delivery of our first child and I knew that I wanted to have someone by my side who had been through this and could give me the support that my husband wasn’t able to give. I knew Shanan was interested in becoming a doula and I asked if she would be willing to be mine for my second delivery. Shanan is one of the most caring and understanding people I know! I went into my deleivery with the mind set that I wanted to deliver natural.There were many times from being induced to delivering that I wanted to just give up! If I wouldn’t have had her by my side my goal would have never been met, she was right next to me the whole 11 hours talking me through each and every contraction. This delivery was much more enjoyable having Shanan there, and I would recommend Shanan to any mom to be who is unsure of delivery or just needs a little extra support in a very stressful time. She was the perfect match for me and I‘m very lucky to have had her by my side, I know she will be just as amazing for other women as well and they won’t be disappointed if they decided to have her be apart of their experience.