DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
9 TESTIMONIALS

Tara Claire Reid

BirthAndPostpartumDoula.com

Philadelphia, PA  Service range 30 miles  I travel outside of Philadelphia for Homebirths. Serving Maryland, Pennsylvania and Delaware.

4103708346

http://www.birthandpostpartumdoula.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2100

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $60

Availability Remarks: I’m sometimes available on short notice, if you are looking for your Doula near the end of pregnancy, it’s never too late!

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Jacqueline Tricia Harlow3/20/2015Choosing Tara as our Doula was the wisest decision we made to have the birth experience we wanted. My husband and I were introduced to Tara through our Bradley Class Teacher and after meeting with her to discuss our ideal birth we knew that Tara was going to be our Doula. Prior to birth she recommended natural alternatives to medications for pregnancy ailments. She was always available to discuss my options for pregnancy and childbirth. Towards the end of my pregnancy she check in regularly to see how I was feeling. I had to be induced which was not in my birth plan and I was terrified of having a pitocin drip. When Tara arrived I felt calmer and stronger Knowing I had her on my side. During my labor and especially during transition I would look over my shoulder and see Tara's kind eyes during contractions. For about an hour she stood bent over holding me in a Bear hug because it comforted me. She never complained of discomfort or left my side during my long labor. As this was my second induction with Pitocin, I am certain that having Tara by my side ensured that I had my daughter naturally without pain medication. I highly recommend Tara.


April Parler9/25/2014I have used Tara for two of my three births.  And I would highly recommend her and have friends who ended up hiring her. My first labor and birth was not how I wanted.  I struggled for a long time over that birth and knew I wanted to hire a doula for my second pregnancy.  After meeting with Tara, my husband and I knew she was the one for us. We wanted someone who would help us achieve our perfect birth experience.  Unfortunately, my daughter's birth was so fast she was born at home.  When we arrived at the hospital, Tara was there.  And we were so grateful to have her.  The hosiptal was really critical of our accidental home birth.  We were under fire a lot.  Thankfully Tara was our body guard.  She helped protect me.  She also helped me better understand why the hospital was requiring or recommending procedures that I was unfamiliar with. As for the third birth, I finally got the birth experience I so desperately wanted. And that was all because of Tara. I didn't believe I was in labor but because of Tara's experience she knew I was.  She made my labor area calm and peaceful. And when my husband rested, she took over with counter pressure. Having Tara there really put me at ease because I knew I was in good hands with her and my husband.  So when I delivered before my midwife arrived I did not worry because I knew Tara has the knowledge to help in case of emergency.I have called, texted, and emailed Tara countless times for all sorts of questions and advice. She has such a wide knowledge of pregnancy, birth, postpartum, infant, and child care that I always go to her first. She is always available and is always willing to help. My husband and I already know that if we are blessed with any more children, we will be hiring Tara every time.


Bette Cuddahee8/14/2014Tara has helped my daughter 2 times with the birthing process.  Her wisdom and 6th sense has come into play over and over again.  I thank Tara for her knowledge in the natural world both in food products and in alternitive medicines.  As a grandmother I've learned much from her.  Her bubbly personality and warm smile is calming before labor and her quietness and wisdom during doesn't invade your space.  Her understanding of labor and delivery doesn't just end there, it is in care of yourself, baby and children within your home.  Allowing Tara to assist in the most precious time of your life is an invaluable experience. I would have loved to have her back in the day when I had my babies at home.  :)


Bette Cuddahee11/10/2012 My daughter had planned a hospital birth using Tara as her Doula to support her hubby and me. (Her first birthing experience was long difficult) I was to be the photographer.  I met first met Tara at one of their planning visits I immediately knew that she knew birthing and what to expect and what needed to be written for the hospital where the birth would take place.  (I've previously given birth 2 times at home and once in a hospital)  My daughter had an on and off labor.  We'd think we'd be going in and then labor would stop.  When I was called to go with them to the hospital, it was too late.  The baby was crowning.  The Father and I delivered the baby.  Tara was on the phone listening as she was at the hospital waiting for us.  She came right away to the 2nd hospital where the ambulance took them and walked them through the after care.  (I was still cleaning up from the delivery)  She stayed most of the day as a great support as we were under fire for having this baby at home. Tara gave wonderful insights to perineum care. Tara continued support my daughter when the baby came down with thrush with alternative homeopathic care when the Doctor wanted to her to use medicine that had warnings and side effects.  We can call Tara at anytime for insight to the baby's growth through nursing.  I can't wait for Tara to assist my daughter in future births.  June 20, 2012 was our granddaughter's birthday.


Laura Gonzales12/10/2011 Tara was like an angel sent from heaven to our family.  She knew just what I needed as a new mom during the month after I gave birth to my first baby.  She is very knowledgable about all things baby and helped me learn specifically how to care for our baby.  I was especially thankful for her help with getting adjusted to breastfeeding and her nurturing way of providing comfort to me during feedings (positioning, hot packs for sore back, special hot tea, snacks).  Tara has a keen ability to be inventive in figuring out how to provide ideal care for both baby and mom with gentleness and kindness.  She facillitated my independence in being a mom as opposed to just doing things for me (such as having me practice getting myself and baby out of the house to doctor appointments with her coaching).  I was amazed by the end of the day when she had managed to tidy the house, clean the dishes, clean/fold/put away the laundry, make the food, and add special touches while she was still attending to us as well.  I guess I really mean to say she was a "super" angel:)  I recommend her wholeheartedly.


Michelle Brewer10/10/2011Tara is fantastic! Tara served as our birth and post partum doula. Our goal was to have a natural childbirth and we knew that we needed a lot of support to make this happen. We chose to give birth in at a hospital and we wanted someone who could help serve as an advocate for us and also help answer our questions if issues and or concerns came up. Labor and delivery did not go as aspected. I was in labor for over 36 hours. Tara was by our side the entire time. She was very reassuring, comforting, and supportive to me and my husband. She interacted very well with the hospital staff. She was appropriately direct when needed and was able to advocate for me when I was not able to do so for myself. Given the long labor, we were not able to have the natural birh that we had hoped. Tara was able to help us make decisions regarding interventions. She was able to help us think about the risks and benefits of the interventions and stay focused our ultimate goal - healthy baby, healthy mom. As our post partum doula, she was equally wonderful. As a first time mom, I really needed someone to talk to and provide me with reassurances and guidance. She helped tidy up the house, finish the nursery, take care of the baby, and provided me with wonderful tips regarding baby care and breastfeeding.Tara's a wonderful person and my husband and I highly recommend her as a doula!


Rose Anselmo4/19/2011I recommend Tara wholeheartedly.  I'll break it down:First birth: no doula; tremendous anxiety and fear during birth, and an epidural at 4.5 cm. Second birth: Tara as my doula, my husband and I were calm and upbeat, and I experienced the totally drug-free birth of a 9 and a half pound baby!I had my first baby without a doula and felt very anxious and fearful in the hospital, which I think led to my epidural.  For my second pregnancy I wanted a more natural, peaceful birth. My midwives were great but I wanted someone at our side the whole time for when the going got tough.  In the pre-birth meetings, Tara really listened and remembered the things that I told her.  She was positive, upbeat and enthusiastic about my growing family.  She's a very likable person and we enjoyed talking and meeting with her.  At 41 1/2 weeks I was induced due to low fluid; I was really disappointed but Tara talked me through all the options and emotions. When I was in early labor she kept me cheerful and relaxed with massage and her sunny disposition.  Later, when things got going in earnest, I was amazed at how raw my emotions were and I truly felt that without both Tara and my husband close by, I would have lost it.  Tara and my husband guided me with the pain management techniques we had practiced , which was a lifesaver!   She also offered reassurance that I was progressing well and everything was normal and healthy.  At the very end of labor, we had a few scary moments, and in all honesty I looked at Tara's face for a gauge on the severity of the situation.  Since she knew what wavelength I was on, I trusted her to help me understand and process the path my labor was taking.  My healthy (and huge) baby girl was born totally naturally and I credit Tara with helping me with that wonderful achievement.


Amy Endo4/15/2011I would recommend Tara to anyone in a heartbeat! This was my second pregnancy, and since I had a c-section with my first child, I really wanted to attempt a vbac. During my pregnancy, however, I found that it was difficult to find a truly vbac-supportive OB group. After realizing that I would have to schedule a repeat c-section "just in case" and experiencing subtle hints of guilt from doctors because of the risks I would place upon my baby and myself for attempting a vbac, I ended up switching providers at 36 weeks to a midwife care group. With only 4 weeks until my due date, a friend recommended Tara to me. Tara put all of my anxieties to rest with her 100% support of my desire for a hospital-based vbac experience. My labor and delivery was fast and smooth, and it was the MOST positive vbac experience I could have possibly envisioned for myself! Although there were many restrictions from the hospital for vbac patients, Tara helped me through each phase of the labor with either her words of encouragement, explanations of what was going on around me, gentle massages to help the labor pains, etc. She was there by my side throughout the entire labor and delivery process at the hospital, and she also did home visits before and after the baby's birth to help prepare me for the labor/delivery and to follow up with me and the baby to see that everything was going smoothly postpartum. At times, she was a teacher, a coach, a pillar of support, a confidante, and a compassionate friend. In short, she was awesome and helped me have my ideal birth experience.


Erika Costantino10/14/2010Tara was amazing!  She was very supportive and dedicated in helping me with my birth. She fought for what I wanted, even when I couldn't do it on my own. I had to be induced since I was at 41 weeks and she came and stayed the entire night I was having the gel done and stayed for the entire process until my baby was born. I ended up having a c-section after 14 hours of labor, but that was only because the baby was not dropping. I went into the hospital not wanting any interventions. Tara helped me fight all of them. In the end, some of them became necessary. During labor, I had moments where I lost my focus. Tara was able to bring me back. I would very much recommend her to anyone looking for doula support. I wouldn't think of doing it again without her help. Even after the birth, she continues to be very helpful with breastfeeding advice and postpartum support.