DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Ada Potter

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens

2066961900

https://www.apotterdoula.com/

Birth Fee

$450 to $850

Postpartum Rate

$15 to $25

CONTACT ADA VIEW ADA'S AVAILABILITY

Irina Savinetskaya11/21/2018Ada was our doula for the birth of our first daughter Maya Charlie. At first I wasn't quite sure I wanted a doula but I am so glad Ada worked with me! Her calm and reassuring presence in the last weeks of my pregnancy and at birth helped us both feel relaxed and cared for. She was kind and tuned in to both me and my husband, checking on us frequently before and after birth. On the day of labor she came to our house in the middle of the night and breathed with me through every contraction. After spending at least 6 hours with us at home, Ada drove with us to the hospital, where she stayed with us all throughout my labor, for at least another 10 hours. I couldn't have asked for me.Ada is not only a natural-born doula but also a very kind, sweet and cool person to hang out with!


James Rolle11/11/2018Ada acted as our birth doula. She met with us initially online, as my wife had never met her. Then, as our due date got closer, we all met in person. Ada asked great questions in order to better understand what kind of birth experience we wanted. She provided us with excellent information, kept in close contact leading up to the birth, and then attended our birth. She was a warm and reassuring presence, was gentle and supportive and ever so helpful. She visited us at home shortly after the birth as well. We highly recommend her.


RIA ODEDRA11/6/2018Ada is very friendly and approachable. She explains everything well and in detail and always provides extra resources etc for you to read as well.Ada accompanied me to the hospital when I was in labor and helped me to manage the contractions. She was excellent in helping during our commute to the hospital. She stayed with me until I gave birth and I couldn't have done it without her. Thank you so much Ada!!