DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
17 TESTIMONIALS

Aisha Awadallah

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens

3472078699

https://www.aishabirthdoula.com/

Birth Fee

$1900 to $2100

Black Doula Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

CONTACT AISHA VIEW AISHA'S AVAILABILITY

TT4/24/2023I was hoping for an unmedicated birth in a hospital for my first birth, and Aisha played a huge role in helping me achieve that goal. I came into the process seeking a birth Doula with a lot of knowledge and experience, and we found that with Aisha. She spent hours coaching my partner and I and getting to know us personally. On the birthday, I was physically fatigued and mentally struggling after being in labor for 30 plus hours. I was discharged from the hospital at 2am despite being in active labor. After 6 more hours at home, my partner felt there wasn't much else he could do to support me so he called Aisha. On the phone and at our home, she was comforting and empathic. She was decisive and recognized I needed to go to the hospital immediately. When we got back to the hospital, ny water was still intact but I was too tired to move. She gently nudged me to take a walk to the bathroom and within 10 steps my water broke. She advocated for me and was collaborative with the hospital staff. I was able to deliver our baby without medication, as we had hoped. She stayed with us for a while to celebrate the birth of our baby - it was a really special moment. In addition to the physical birthing process, she validated many of the new emotions that were coming up for me with the flood of hormones, breastfeeding, and our new roles as parents. That last visit was incredibly healing for my partner and me. Aisha came over, spent a few hours with us reflecting on our birth journey and delivered the placenta capsules. Should we decide to have more children in the future, I would absolutely ask Aisha to be part of our birth team again. Aisha's greatest gift to me as a first time mom and birthing parent; helping me find the confidence within myself to work through my fear and most importantly trust my body. I am grateful that I got to have exactly the labor, birth and early postpartum experience that I wanted.


Molly & Nicholas O'Brien5/20/2020Aisha was amazing to work with, especially during peak COVID isolation. She was very responsive, knowledgible, down-to-earth, and comforting. Her ability to answer our questions and concerns, especially those about what we should do at the hospital given that she was not able to be present due to state mandates, we're invaluable to our birthing expereince. One of her biggest contributions was adivising us to switch delivery providers, which ended up being a huge benefit to the well-being of the mother and baby. She also provided amazing virtual support during labor and birth, encouraging Mom through breathing expercises, keeping track of contraction frequency, and communicating with Dad (who also couldn't be at the hosptial during labor due to the NY State mandate).Aisha was always very knowledgable, open, encouraging, and supportive—from our very first meeting all the way through our final postpartum appointment. She always followed up our questions with helpful resources, and gave us instructive, well-infromed advise about how best we could prepare for labor, and what we should expect in the first couple of weeks breastfeeding. Her thoughtfulness, depth of knoweldge, and always-available attitude provided us with confidence, comfort, and peace-of-mind.We would highly recommender her, especially for new parents with lots of questions seeking best options for labor and delivery during tumultuous and uncertain times.


Clare3/3/2020Aisha was an invaluable source of support during our prenatal visits and especially during our homebirth. She was so knowledgeable and confident about the prenatal period, and she was especially helpful for pain relief during labor. She and my partner worked so well together to make sure I stayed well nourished and to help relieve some of the pain. My partner felt that her ability to read the room and my labor signs made him feel more comfortable throughout the entire process - she also knew exactly what positions I should be in to help move the baby down the birth canal. I was especially excited about the options she was able to provide for postpartum support with placenta encapsulation. I would absolutely recommend Aisha to anybody looking for a birth doula - she is amazing! 


Meriem9/2/2019I would never thank Aisha enough for being by my side and helping me through my labor and delivery. From the first day we met she understood perfectly what I need, my fears and concerns. On the day I was giving birth when she came the hospital it was like an angel sent from above, she brought with her peace as I was terrified of the medical staff who were trying to use all kinds of interventions that they were pushing on me. Aisha brought with her a peanut ball and a oil diffuser and was by my side all the time. I felt really confident since she was helping me making the right choices. I would definitely recommend her to every pregnant woman. I felt like having a very close family member supporting me but of course with knowledge. 


Tess7/11/2019Aisha brings calm, strength, and humor to her practice as a doula. In our prenatal visits, she gave me the encouragement I needed to ask my provider about the birth practices that mattered to me. I also got to talk with her about my anxieties about pregnancy and birth, and it helped a lot to give voice to my fears. In the delivery room, it made such a difference to have Aisha there. She was very observant to what I was feeling, joking when I needed distraction and giving me space when it looked like I could get a few moments of rest. She was also a powerful ally. As things changed quickly and lots of information and recommendations started to come in, Aisha found time in between contractions to make eye contact with me and check that I understand everything that was happening and was getting my questions and concerns heard. Checking in that I and my spouse were alright for the moment, she relayed information to our families, which they appreciated very much. Aisha was exactly what I hoped for in working with a doula--the power of having a steady, knowledgeable person consistently by my side, someone who is neither my provider nor my family, who can navigate a hospital with confidence and hold space for a laboring person.


Cortney Holbrook6/10/2019I can't say enough wonderful things about our experience with Aisha. When I look back on my birthing story, I truly don't know how I would have done it without her. From our first meeting, I knew she was special, knowledgeable, experienced, passionate, and empathetic. I ended up needing to transfer from a birthing center to a hospital during my labor and Aisha guided us every step of the way. She served as a liason between us and the doctors and reassured me that my choices were strong througout. Her kindness and dedication are truly unmatched and my entire family is a fan. If I had it to do over, I wouldn't change a thing and I have Aisha to thank for that. 


Kelly Cyr3/27/2019Aisha was a wonderful doula and I especially recommend her to anyone in their first pregnancy. I have vasovagal syncope (fainting disorder) and a lot of anxiety surrounding hospitals and medical procedures so I was particularly edgy about coping with pain and avoiding surgery as much as possible. Aisha educated my husband and me about the labor and delivery process and consulted with us multiple times in advance, covering all of my extensive concerns. As a result of her support, both my husband and I approached labor and delivery extremely prepared and confident in our decision to minimize medical interventions. She walked us through laboring positions to help manage some of the pain and equipped my husband to be the pillar of emotional support I needed to bear the experience. She also recognized early on in my labor that I needed a calm, quiet environment with minimal physical contact (except hand holding with my husband) and she fostered that environment in the L&D room. I’m very lucky that I was able to have a “natural” birth without any medication. It’s difficult to know how you’re going to react to the process of giving birth until you’re actually in it but Aisha’s open-minded and nurturing approach put me in a position where I felt supported and in control of my decisions. Thanks, Aisha!


S Brown10/15/2018Calm, Cool, and Collected...Those are the words that come to mind when I think about my experience with Aisha. I recently delivered a baby boy with the support of Aisha as my doula. From the beginning Aisha was responsive, professional, flexible, and understanding. Our first meeting was great and her warm personality made me want to work with her. Through out the course of my preganancy she was availble and reassuring. I appreciated her very chill and calm personality. During the delivery Aisha was wonderful with helping me, my husband, and my family who came to the birth. My family kept saying that she was wonderful and how it was great having her there. I would recommend Aisha to any new mom who is looking for a professional, down-to-earth doula. Aisha comes with a lot of knowledge and she is very supportive. If I ever have another child I would no doubt contact her again. She is wonderful!


Kymia Nawabi9/6/2018My husband and I hired Aisha to be our doula for our first birth this past month.We knew after our initial visit with Aisha that we were a great fit, she was so professional, sweet, attentive and so informative about what her services would include.By the time we had our 2 meetings before our labor began, we really felt like Aisha would be such an important part of birth process based on our preferences- we wanted as natural a birth as possible with as little to no interventions. Aisha was so supportive and knowledgable about this process and approach.Once I actually went into labor, Aisha was there for us as promised- in early stages she was with us on the phone getting a gage on when to come over, and when we reassured her it was getting close to time to leave for the hospital, she came right over and helped me labor at home a bit more with her massage techniques, verbal cues and support.What I especially want to review is Aisha's performance at the hospital in the thick of the labor- I went through pretty rough back labor that went on for hours and Aisha's techniques for coping with the pain were very effective, she would squeeze my hips and lower back and it would help alleviate some of the pain, and then between contrations she would check in with me and my husband. In the end, I had to get an epidural because my baby's spine was against my spine he was not budging for hours. When I deviated from my birth preferences and requested an epidural, Aisha made sure to double check with me that it is what I really wanted and was so understanding and supportive of it.Throughout the whole time she was with us, Aisha was deeply connected to me and what I was experiencing. I believe from the depths of my soul that I would have had a much more difficult labor if I didnt have the support of Aisha as my doula. Her energy, patience, understanding of the birthing process and physical support are priceless!


ada welch8/9/2018I and my husband chose to work with Aisha for the birth of our first child. During prenatal visits and over email, she presented resources and information and a nonjudgemental attitude that let me know that no matter how my birth proceeded, I would be fully supported in my decisions.My labor began at 2 in the morning on a Thursday. It continued through a second night and day without much progression. I was in touch with Aisha by text thoughout this time, and she offered me reassurance, resources and encouragement. Early Saturday morning, things very suddenly kicked into high gear. We called Aisha and she immediately headed our way. By the time she arrived 25 minutes later, the contractions were so strong and so close together that I could barely speak or walk. My husband was frantically throwing our hospital gear into the car. I don't know how we would have made the 30 minute drive to the hospital without Aisha's help and guidance on how to breathe, how to relax, and her encouragement. On my own my breathing was tight, tense and high pitched, which was contributing to my pain.When we arrived at the hospital, the doctor let us know that I was 8 centimeters dialated. For the next several hours, Aisha and my husband worked as a team to support me through contractions until I was ready to push. Her presence was empowering, allowing my husband to provide me with full emotional support knowing that I was getting expert coaching on how to breathe, relax and move. I was very scared about pushing, but with Aisha's support the process was manageable. Our child Miranda was born at 7:03 am, a completely natural birth with no interventions necessary. I feel nearly certain that this would not have been the outcome without the high quality doula support that Aisha provided. The birth of our child was the most incredible and memorable experience of our lives. I would highly recommend Aisha's services to anyone seeking doula care.


Carolyn A. Fraker8/8/2018We hired Aisha for the birth of our second child at the Brooklyn Birthing Center. I knew after the first meeting that Aisha would work really well with both me and my husband - she has such a cheerful and caring personality, and really works with what you need in terms of support for your birth. We met twice before labor, and she was on call responding to text messages in the last weeks of pregnancy. I had a rather fast labor, so Aisha met my husband and I at the Birth Center (instead of at home). Seeing her arrive gave me such a feeling of relief - just knowing that I had another person who would be solely focused on my comfort. Aisha and my husband worked really well together - encouraging me to walk around the center to bring on stronger contractions, offering hands-on support (massage, pressure on my back, etc), and suggesting different positions as labor became more intense. What I appreciated the most was how Aisha and my husband seemed to work seamlessly together and be fully responsive to my needs in the moment. After the birth, Aisha massaged my legs as the midwife examined me for stitches - which after having gone through so much to birth my son was just a really kind touch. Aisha came to visit about a week after my son's birth and we re-lived the experience - sharing different details and laughing at particularly amusing moments during the labor. Aisha was a great support and presence during the birth. I highly recommend her to anyone seeking a doula.


cherie yanek8/6/2018I gave birth to my daughter Lilikoi on June 26 and Aisha was our doula. I interviewed another doula but felt the vibe with Aisha was just better - and I was right! She was AMAZING. Throughout my pregnancy, she reached out with thoughtful emails, sharing resources and recommendations. At my daughter's birth, she arrived about halfway through (it was a 12 hour birth) and was amazing. I love my husband, but Aisha was way better at the hip squeezes, which got me through every single contraction. In between contractions, I went into child's pose and she stroked my legs, really relaxing me.After my birth, she took some photos, helped clean me up, got me to eat a little bit, cleaned up my apt, and was spectacular.I don't know what I was expecting from a doula, but Aisha def exceeded all my expectations. I'm grateful for everything she has done for me.If we ever have another baby, we definitely want Aisha to be our doula!


Ruth Hernandez-El8/4/2018Working with Aisha has been one of the most memorable experiences of my life. From our initial consultation, I realized how caring and professional she is. Aisha was very knowledgeable about all aspects of labor and delivery. When the moment arrived for me to deliver my baby, she was immediately by my side comforting me, offering amazing suggestions and never left my side. She was extremely helpful when it came to communicating with medical staff (and myself) about what has happening or expressing my questions and concerns. I felt very comfortable and protected by her.  We even made each other laugh at times! She was just wonderful. I am so glad I chose her to be my Doula and I would pick her again in a heartbeat if I am blessed with another pregnancy.


Ash Deshields8/4/2018Has been wonderful Throughout This entire experience. My little one came 7 weeks early. Aisha was there to guide to me all the way through and provided positive affirmations for me. Her soothing and calming voice allowed me to get through the labor and even the entire ordeal. Since then, we have kept in constant contact. She is always checking in on my well being (physically and emotiona) and the well being of my premie baby. Aisha is someone that I would highly recommend to anyone.


Amanda Lingner6/20/2018When I first met Aisha, I knew she would be a great fit to help support me during labor.  She is a direct communicator, which is key for me, and she is the type of person you know you can depend on in a stressful situation.I was right to trust my intuition.  Aisha was wonderful, and one of the main reasons I was able to have the natural Labor/birth I hoped to have.  To say she was supportive would be a gross understatement.  She helped manage the pain in many ways, especially when I thought I might not be able to do it.  Myself, and my partner Ross, couldn’t have been happier with Aisha’s support.  It was invaluable.  If I am lucky, she will be there for every birth experience I have.Words do not do justice to the important role she played Dur No the birth of our Daughter.  I will be forever grateful.


Lorena Rosales-Boyle5/23/2018Aisha was my doula during my son's birth on 4/11/18. We had 2 meetings together in our home prior to his arrival. During these visits Aisha was open and so easy to talk to. She wanted to get to know my partner and I and learn about my wishes / birth plan, and from these meetings I think she got a great sense of both. During my labor first at home and then in the hospital, she was very intuitive and adjusted herself based on my needs- mostly without me having to ask or direct. Her healing touch was so helpful, and she showed my partner how to help using pressure and massage as well. When we went to the hospital things didn't go smoothly or as planned, and I was so grateful to my 2 advocates who provided tangible emotional support and encouragement. I certainly felt safer with Aisha there. My labor was 62 hours long and I really feel that I could not have gotten through it without her. I also believe I would have gotten a C-section without her there but was able to deliver my son vaginally, something I am immensely thankful for. Throughout the whole experience my husband and I truly felt like we were in the very best of hands, and I feel confident that any future clients of Aisha's will share this sentiment.


Jamila Pringle5/21/2018I was very happy with Aisha's services. She made my 13 hours of labor more bearable. She was personable and had great methods to comfort me during this time. Quite honestly, if she were not there, I probably would have gotten an epidural.Thanks to her, I was natural for my first pregnancy and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a Doula!- Jamila Pringle-Fynes