DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
51 TESTIMONIALS

Alaska McFadden

I believe in humor & ritual in the birth space.

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  Require cab fare to /from birth location and for any in person visits outside of NYC.

3474159903

http://www.chorionbirth.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $60

Availability Remarks: My fee is $3,000. Sliding scale ($2,200-3,000 for in-hospital/ $1,800-2800 for lower income/BIPOC/ homebirthing families to make my support more accessible.) Contact me with any questions!

CONTACT ALASKA VIEW ALASKA'S AVAILABILITY

Lacie & Alex12/23/2022It's been nearly three months since I gave birth to my son Ellis, so I've told my birth story countless times now, and the thing that is the same in every re-telling is just how important having Alaska by my side was. My husband and I searched for a doula and wanted to click with whoever was going to be there with us, and Alaska was totally it. She's a mix of badass, compete sweetheart, and bottomless well of knowledge. Going into my birth, I was open minded to anything that could happen but was ultimatly looking for an unmedicated birth and Alaska's guidance, little tricks and tools, and just general presence made it possible to feel empowered to go epidural free. My birth story involves 12 hours of triage, which is not usually what you think of when you hear about a magical birth experience, but true to her word Alaska showed up right when we needed her and gave us that extra assurance that everything was still going according to plan. When we made it to the birthing room, it was one big reset and Alaska set the room with tea lights, soft music, and made it as relaxing as possible. When the doctor and nurses entered the room they even remarked how they wish they could have been in our room all day. While the entire experience is a whirlwind, I can think back and remember specific moments of feeling in control and advocated for. AND she took about a million photos so I can relive the entire thing which is something I'm forever grateful for! Thank you x1,000 to Alaska for everything!


Carter10/10/2022With Alaska, we felt like we truly had the dream team for our birthing experience. She provided tons of evidence-based resources about pregnancy, birth, lactation, postpartum, and so so much more. We were relatively new to the city and first-time parents, so were incredibly grateful for the many opportunities Alaska provided for building community as well. Alaska provided critical virtual support when my water broke prematurely and for nearly 24 hours of labor until the time came for delivery. When she arrived in person at the hospital, my partner and I both felt so comforted and relieved to have her there with her “bag of tricks.” We felt confident about every decision we made along the way, and can’t imagine our birthing experience without her coaching, guidance, and unwavering support!


Haley Hattendorf9/20/2022Working with Alaska throughout our first pregnancy, labor, delivery and post-partum experience was one of the best decisions we made. She served us in so many ways throughout our journey - first and foremost, helping us navigate all there is to learn about childbirth in a way that let us process, reflect and prepare for so many unknowns of labor and post-partum. We so appreciated Alaska's wealth of knowledge and ability to coach us through the wide variety of birth preferences and experiences, giving us the confidence to make empowered decisions. For labor and delivery, Alaska played the exact role we hoped for, providing a calming extra set of hands that gave us patience and strength throughout the process. Thank you!


Miki S7/29/2022Alaska was an incredible doula! Having her along on our journey allowed us to have the birth experience we wanted. She was a great ally is helping navigate the complicated world of maternal healthcare, and knew a lot about how different hospitals and providers operate. During the actual labor and birth, Alaska was a comforting and steady presence, and with her support I was able to cope naturally with the birth experience. I felt empowered by Alaska and by the birth experience because she supported me in feeling like I had agency and strength! We appreciated her deeply, had a great experience. We can't recommend her enough!


Laura Macomber + Chris Mather6/29/2022We are so happy we made the choice to work with Alaska during our prenatal journey. She brought great energy, knowledge, and humor to this exciting and often anxious time. During our 1:1 informational sessions, Alaska was highly organized, imparting loads of wisdom about childbirth, pain management, and the post-partum period. We would happily work with Alaska again and highly recommend her services.


Marion Grand6/28/2022I was 27 weeks pregnant when Alaska joined our birth journey on our first pregnancy. I had already changed care provider twice and finally decided to do a home birth which seemed more ethical and respectful to our family. In order to get ready for this beautiful experience, we wanted to hire a doula and meeting Alaska made me understand how important choosing the right provider and careteam means in such a unique moment of life. From the moment we met her until now, she's always been here to support us both emotionaly and by teaching us evidence based facts about pregnancy, labor, postpartum, lactation and so much more. More than a doula, we found a friend, someone we could trust every step of the way.


Lizzie6/14/2022I feel fortunate to be someone who had their first birth go more or less as planned and believe that is in large part to the support provided by Cady and Alaska. The prenatal classes were helpful in preparing me and my husband not only for the birth, but also for the time after the baby was here. On the day Rose was born, both Cady and Alaska were instrumental in all of the decisions that eventually led to our trip to the hospital. I labored at home for 15 hours, which was far longer than I likely would have been able to without their support and judgment. At the hospital, Cady was the calming presence I needed to reassure me that everything was going to plan and going to be okay. While I was in transition, it all became very overwhelming, but Cady reminded me that the baby and I were safe, and used her vast array of tips and tricks to keep us on track. Once I was 10 centimeters, the baby’s heart rate started dropping occasionally, and our provider recommended the use of a vacuum to help her out. Cady reminded us that we could take time to ask questions, and our provider was very patient with us. Only three hours after getting to the hospital, the baby was here. Cady gave me a magical concoction - applesauce - to help recover, and it was exactly what I needed. A few days after we were home, Cady came to check on us and help with breastfeeding, showing us how to use the pump and the baby carrier. Cady and Alaska, I am so grateful for your support! We hope to work with both for Baby #2!


Tarina Corelli5/30/2022When I became pregnant with my second child, my husband and I talked a lot about if hiring a doula was necessary this time around, after all, we had done it once and we had heard the second time is usually faster and smoother. In talking with my midwife team about it, they recommended I reach out to Alaska. Immediately upon talking to her during our consultation I knew I wanted to move forward with hiring her. Not only is she incredibly knowledgeable and passionate about all things birth and postpartum, but she cares deeply for those she works with – I trusted her from the instant I spoke with her knowing she would do everything she could to help me work towards and acheive the birth experience I desired.Alaska is also super organized and provides fantastic resources for every kind of topic you can imagine. On the day I went into labor, she was a confident, reassuring voice to both my husband and me and knew the ins and outs of how to best support each of us during labor while also bringing a wonderful humor and levity. Alaska's postpartum follow-up and care is just as wonderful – I knew I could reach out to her for anything and everything if needed, and was glad to debrief labor with her during her postpartum visit. In talking with my husband a few weeks after my son was born, we agreed completely that hiring Alaska was the right decision and can't believe we even debated it. She played an integral role on our birth team, and will most certainly be one of our first calls for our next baby!


Hannah MacDonald5/6/2022I stubbornly insisted through the majority of my second pregnancy that I wouldn't need a doula. I was planning on a homebirth and I was certain that I would be just fine thanks to the comforts being in my own home afforded me, unlike my first (hospital) birth in which a doula was a vital part of my experience. But less than a month before my due date I started to reconsider this assumption, especially after my partner expressed that he was worried about his ability to successfully tend to my needs in labor, set up the birth tub, AND care for our two year old all by himself. So with very little time to spare I contacted Alaska, who was glowingly recommended by multiple people. I knew immediately that Alaska was going to be a perfect fit for my birth team. She brings an open and compassionate energy to her work while having a no nonsense attitude and just the right amount of irreverence. We didn't end up meeting in person until a couple days before my son was born and there still wasn't a smidgen of uncertainty in my mind that this was a person I felt 100% comfortable being present during such a wild and momentous experience. In the end my labor was so quick and easy that I didn't require much assistance but I was still so grateful to have Alaska to check in with during the early stages of labor when I wasn't totally convinced it was really happening, to gently remind me that I should probably call my midwife when my water broke in the middle of the night just in case things sped up (they did!), to make sure the water in my birth tub was absolutely perfect, and to be an extra set of hands getting our apartment back in order so my partner and I could fully focus on the new little life we'd just welcomed. Alaska also took the most beautiful pictures and videos which I proudly show off to everybody I've ever known and will treasure forever. And my big kid loves her and talks about her all the time. She's the best of the best!


Lizette Rotstein5/3/2022I was lucky enough to have Alaska as my Doula for both of my girls births. When I look back on my experience I could never have imagined it without Alaska. She was there every step of the way preparing me for my births. Helping me through my anxiety and nervousness about jumping into the unknown. When it came time to deliver my girls she was there holding my hand and guiding me in the most gentle and securing way. I had to be induced with both of my girls. I labored for 36 hours with my first and six hours with my second. With both of my births my doctor and hospital team were eager to give me medical intervention but with the help of Alaska‘s guidance and calming nature with the medical team I was able to deliver both of my girls without any intervention. For sure without Alaska my first baby would’ve had to be delivered by C-section and with my second I would’ve gotten an epidural. Alaska was able to give me the births that I wanted and prepared so hard for. Whenever anybody asks me about my deliveries my first response is I could have never done it without Alaska and everyone needs an Alaska. I can never thank her enough for giving me the confidence and willingness to bring my girls into this world as peacefully as possible.  She gave me the two greatest gifts in the world.


Meredith3/3/2022I am beyond grateful we matched with Alaska and she was our Doula.  Her knowledge, guidance, expertise, organization and patience was incredible throughout our entire process. There wasn't a time she wasn't available to talk me through any questions we may have had and provide great detail on all options available to us. Her website, pre labor tutorials and overviews, links to helpful articles and topics and array of pre, during and post care items for mom and baby was extraordinary.   We have nothing but good things to say about Alaska.  


M.S.12/10/2021We highly recommend Chorion. Alaska and Brittany are both wonderful people and the educational programming that they offered leading up to the birth of our daughter Euphemia was invaluable. What really sets them apart is the depth of knowledge and experience that they bring to the process. Their guidance really helped make me and my partner more confident in our decision-making during crucial moments. They were also highly responsive to our questions and concerns at all hours (we hope they take long vacations!). We are so happy that they were part of bringing Euphemia into the world. We think anyone would be lucky to work with them.


Sara Leone9/14/2021Selecting Alaska and Brittany as our doulas was the best decision we made. I was overwhelmed about the prospect of selecting the 'right' doula and after our first meeting, my partner and I knew they were the team we wanted. Their support during pregnancy was one of my favorite aspects of my pregnancy. As first time parents, they provided all the knowledge we were seeking to make us feel supported, educated and empowered. They taught us so much about pregnancy, labor/delivery, hospital systems, interventions, postpartum, etc that my partner and I to this day share so much of what we learned with our friends and family, in hopes they too have a wonderful birth experience. Alaska and Brittany far exceeded our expectations and we're so thankful they were apart of our incredible journey into parenthood. My labor came on suddenly, so much so that we had to deviate from the hospital and team I was supposed to deliver with and went to a local hospital with a completely new team. We were so thankful to have Brittany, a familiar face, by our side encouraging and supporting us through what was the most intense event of our lives. They were also there for us postpartum bringing yummy recovery treats and words of encouragement as we began the sleepless nights and hazzy days of newborn life. We can not recommend this team enough and are grateful to the universe for bringing them into our lives. 


Emma9/11/2021We had a wonderful experience with Alaska & Brittany. Their thoughtful approach to supporting us in the way we specifically needed; thorough commitment to supplying us with the eductation to feel we could make the choices that were best for us at every step of the way; seemingly endless wealth of resources; and constant availability to be there for us whenever we had a question or concern really made our prenatal and birth experience what we hoped it would be. Their postpartum advice and support was also invaluable and really got us through that first delirious week. Without their help and guidance we would have not been educated enough to push for the care that was best for us and our baby and we would not have been well prepared to face the decisions we had to face during birth. We would certainly have faced a lot more fear and anxiety during our journey. We are so grateful to them both and would heartily recommend working with them no matter what birthing experience you are planning.


Sarah Byrne8/13/2021We are so grateful for Alaska and Brittany’s guidance as our family grew from two to three. They were incredibly supportive throughout my pregnancy and had a wealth of knowledge when answering all of our first-time-parent questions.Our birth plan changed over time, and Alaska and Brittany were always available to talk us through the benefits and risks of each choice, which helped us feel confident in our decisions. During my labor, Alaska was a source of strength and a calming energy in the delivery room. I don’t think I could’ve had an unmedicated birth without her support and suspect there would’ve been even more medical intervention.We went into birth feeling prepared and knowledgeable, and even though my birth wasn’t exactly what we’d envisioned, we came away empowered by our incredible and sacred experience. We embarked on our parenting journey feeling confident and supported.We highly recommend working with Alaska and Brittany, and we look forward to partnering with them again for baby number two!


Rebeka8/10/2021Alaska and Brittany truly made my prenatal, labor/delivery and post partum experience seamless! I learned so much from them during our prenatal sessions which really made me know what to look out for as well as knowing more about breast feeding and post partum care for myself and baby. I had such a hard pregnancy and this truly made such a difference in my attitude about labor/delivery. They put my fears at ease! Alaska came over to help me labor at home for WAY longer than I ever would have if it was just myself and my husband. Her calmness and understanding of everything going on made me and my husband feel like we were in excellent hands. At the hospital she was able to direct us and give us info about what decisions to make. Also once I got an epidural she was sure to help me into multiple different positions to ensure the labor continued to progress! She helped so much with the initial breast feeding experience and continued to into my post partum time. I have absolutely nothing but good things to say about utilizing Alaska and Brittany and truly could not have gotten through it all without Alaska by my side!! 


Andy S8/6/2021Working with Chorion Birth was a wonderful, supportive experience. The guidance and education we received from Alaska and Brittany was above and beyond expectations. From the curriculum to the text correspondence to weekly check-ins, they were there whenever we reached out, for questions and concerns both big and small. I highly recommend Chorion!


Jess & Matt7/19/2021Alaska and Brittany have gone above and beyond to support our family. Even weeks after the birth, they have checked-in and been extremely responsive to all the new questions we've faced as first time parents. The prep sessions we had before the birth gave us all the tools we needed heading into the big day, and we have just been so grateful for their support. They are extremely quick to respond, and have always been available when we needed them. Alaska attended our birth and offered hands-on support both directly and indirectly through advising my partner on how best to physically support me. It was very very comforting to have her there -- things felt more 'in control' after she arrived and I knew she'd be my advocate if any issues came up. My only regret is not realizing I needed a doula sooner -- higher them at the beginning of your journey!


Danielle & Alex6/28/2021As a first time mom with few mom friends, working with Alaska and Brittany was incredibly helpful.  My husband and I chose them as our doulas after being the first team that felt like they really meshed with our personality and vibe.  Their prenatal sessions were informative and helped prepare us for the road ahead. I really enjoyed being able to text them with any questions or concern that came up and they almost always responded instantaneously even when I didn't expect them to!My labor/delivery wasn't what I expected (induction after low amniotic fluid) but they helped explain everything that was happening as we got thrust into it and made the experience less overwhelming. Thank you Brittany and Alaska!


Rochelle4/29/2021My husband and I spent months debating whether or not we wanted to hire a doula, but working with Brittany and Alaska was one of the best decisions we've ever made! We were pregnant with our first child and looking for extra support and guidance, especially during times of Covid with less friends and family around. We are truly grateful to have found Brittany & Alaska and can't imagine our birth without them. We spent a few weeks getting to know them via Zoom sessions and felt more and more prepared each week. I went into labor 2 weeks early and was experiencing severe back labor with every contraction. Brittany spent the entire night supporting us over the phone and helping me to cope through the pain. After hours of laboring at home, Brittany came to help us get to the hospital and navigate the check in process. Throughout my labor she helped me and my husband to make many Key decisions that allowed me to stick to my birth plan as much as possible. It felt like we had a close friend there with us and someone to be our advocate at every turn. She supported me physically, emotionally and mentally, especially as I got more fatigued towards the end of pushing. She kept me focused on my baby and empowered me to keep going. I will always be grateful for her calming energy, loving support, and lighthearted, positive presence during the birth of my baby girl.


Rebecca Price3/1/2021If you have the opportunity to work with Alaska, you absolutely should. Working with her was the best decision we made in preparing for birth. I had an unmedicated birth in a hospital. It was wild, primal and like nothing I had ever experienced. Alaska was there for all of it, 100% present and supportive, guiding me through it, supporting me physically with touch, squeezes, massage, and changing positions, and teaching me new positions, ways of breathing, vocalizing, moving, and thinking. She recreated the environment, from the lights to the sounds to the smells. She created calm, rhythm, strength, confidence and so many other things crucial to an empowering birth. She made me feel liberated, cared for, and safe.Alaska was both an advocate and a collaborator. She taught my husband how to support me and made him a huge part of my birth, which was important to me. Toward the end, when I started to doubt myself, she moved me right through it. She is a magical spirit and a brilliant teacher.Alaska and her partner Brittany provided incredible pre- and post- birth support. In preparation, they took the time to learn about me and to teach me key concepts to use during birth. Their postpartum support was above and beyond anything I expected or realized I would need. They were available 24/7 and helped me through postpartum and breastfeeding struggles. Having their support during such a vulnerable time made a huge difference.My birth was an incredible experience and I have no doubt it was thanks in large part to Alaska. I am grateful beyond words.My husband would like to add that he went into birth planning uncertain of whether we needed a doula. After experiencing birth, he agrees that working with Alaska was the best decision we made and says that if we have a second child, Alaska will be our first phone call. She is a magical force and just the person he didn’t know we absolutely needed in the room.


Sarah & Daniel1/30/2021Brittany and Alaska were an absolute dream to work with!  They are knowledgable, compassionate, and really understand how to navigate and explain the many sides of holisitic and western medicine.  After speaking with them the first time, we knew right away that we would love to work together.  The pre-birth support helped save so much time in figuring out the best information we needed to know and answered all of the questions we had.Brittany was in attendance for our hospital birth and brought with her an invaluable presence.  It is hard to imagine what it would have been like without it, as she helped keep everything collected, calm, and focused.  It grew to be a fun experience instead of something stressful or scary.We cannot recommend enough hiring Brittany and Alaska.  They operate with the utmost professionalism; and just as important, are incredibly fun, down to earth, and awesome support beams to have in your corner!


R.G.12/29/2020We hired Alaska at the beginning of my pregnancy, and it was the best decision we made. Throughout my pregnancy, delivery, and postpartum she's been our number one go to for providing information and amazing referrals for everything I’ve needed. Alaska also supported me while I navigated through choosing, re-choosing, changing, and ultimately going back to my original care provider. I had chosen a traditional OB GYN practice but was slowly coming to the realization that wasn’t what I wanted. I told Alaska what I was after and what I felt were my limitations. She swung into action and helped provide resource after resource of how I could change care. However, at that time I decided to stay with my current provider. Alaska was unphased and fully supportive even though she had spent lots extra time and phone calls to support a provider change. Weeks later, I decided that I did in fact want to change care. Again, unphased, she provided me with more resources, and I did change care teams! I was so excited about my decision to birth at home and could not have made the last-minute switch to a phenomenal midwife without Alaska’s help. Ultimately though, I had to be induced at a hospital when I was 37 weeks, switching back to my original care.  Alaska went above and beyond to ensure my birth was a positive and empowering experience including sticking with me for 43 hours straight. I'd never imagined I would need to be induced and had no idea what it would entail. Alaska explained everything I would encounter for the induction and helped me navigate the entire experience. While my birth didn’t go as planned it was completely rad- largely in part to her energy and her efforts. While I didn't have the unmedicated intervention free birth I had hoped for I was able to deliver vaginally and have an amazing experience. She made my birth fun and memorable. I will of course never forget that day and never forget the role Alaska played.


Claire Cahen12/14/2020By July of 2020, it had become that my pregnancy, labor and early postpartum months would occur in the shadow of the Covid pandemic. Alaska and Brittany provided the support, empathy, advice, and listening ear we needed to make it through. They had resources and tricks at their fingertips for every curveball that came our way--from unexpected third trimester aches and pains (a dislodged rib!) to a slow labor (31.5 hours!) to breastfeeding challenges (latch difficulties). Their Spinning Babies training helped get my baby into proper position for labor, and, on the day-of, Brittany accompanied us to the hospital. She was keenly attentive to my mood changes, fears and pains as my contractions progressed; she had snacks and a heat pad, kind words and jokes--everything I could need. She also communicated professionally but firmly with the hospital care team, making sure my husband and I got that “magic hour” of skin-to-skin when our daughter was first born, and that we were visited by a lactation consultant within hours following delivery. Brittany made herself available in the days thereafter for in-person postpartum help. My husband, newborn daughter and I are so thankful to have had her and Alaska’s support.  As a birthing partner, Alaska and Brittany provided me with so many resources to support my partner and guide me on my journey to fatherhood.  On the day of labor, Brittany provided a calming and reassuring atmosphere and remembered the smallest and most important details so that I could focus all of my physical and emotional energy on supporting my partner.  I am so thankful to have had both Alaska and Brittany’s support during all stages in welcoming our daughter into this world.


Jay Garcia11/25/2020Couldnt have asked for a better team!alaska and brittany are very knowledgeable , patient , kind , fun , optimistic. Etc! They felt like friends by the end of my pregnancy journey. they make sure you feel very comfortable to talk to them about anything you have questions on.  they day of the birth happened very suddenly and not quite how i expected it to go. But, regardless, they were there. Brittany was the one who attended the birth (i had a home birth) and she was on top of everything. She made sure both my husband and I were okay. no regrets!!! if i ever get pregnant again i do plan to have them on my team once more! 


Sophia Martinson11/12/2020Alaska and Brittany were absolutely invaluable to our pregnancy, labor, and delivery experiences. They were so friendly, knowledgeable, and fun during our meetings, and we knew right off the bat that they would be an excellent team to help us navigate the arrival of our first child. They always had very helpful answers to our questions, and whenever we sent them a message, at least one of them would always respond within minutes. Alaska worked with us the day our son was born, and she was amazing. Her calm, confident presence helped me and my husband cope through the most challenging contractions, and she came prepared with everything we could possibly need from start to finish -- snacks, drinks, massage tools, and essential oils, to name a few. I can't imagine our birth experience without her, and we're so grateful for the guidance and support she provided in this all-important moment of our lives.


Jon Hensen10/29/2020”Sitting in the most quiet and peaceful space in what is ordinarily a sterile and stuffy unfamiliar room, watching them both sleep together for the first time, I am in the most thankful state for absolutely everything under the sun right now - but today and these last several weeks working with you were so incredibly instrumental in nurturing this opportunity for us to experience this joy in such a profound manner. You being with us today, and both your and Brittany’s care and support and guidance has made our birth experience an absolute dream, and we are forever in your debt. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts”Several weeks later it still feels like a "pinch me" experience. My wife's birth was the most incredible event I have ever had the privilege of being a part of - and there is no small amount of credit that is owed to our invaluable doula team in Brittany and Alaska. They were shepherds in the process leading up to birth in both our discussed philosophical approach, but also in the very practical realities that come with planning the inevitable big day. Whether it was strategizing for our birth preferences, meaningfully listening to our concerns, communicating their advocacy for the health and safety of Mom and Baby, or simply assuring us that come time, they were going to be there for us - to help us bear this miraculous and yet unpredictable life event. As council. As advocates. As compassionate and thoughtful caregivers. 


Stef & Kyle9/21/2020Alaska was great! She has a fantastic personality and is easy to build rapport with. We wanted an unmedicated vaginal birth, and we don't feel like we could have done it without Brittany and Alaska. We really enjoyed the team dynamic between Brittany and Alaska. They each bring a unique contribution. Together they are a passionate, personable and professional team. Passionate:- Evidence based practices.- They work hard to clearly understand your birth preferences and support them.Personable:- Easy to talk to. Kinda like your older, wiser sister.- Fun.- Strong GIF game. Professional:- Incredibly responsive, which built trust and made us feel comfortable.- They were not trying to create a adversarial relationship with doctors, but helped us reconcile medical advice from doctor with our desired birth plan in pre-natal sessions.- Calming presence in labor.- Assertive, but not overbearing. - just enough support / encouragement to follow through on our birth plan.- Worked really well with our OB and nurse during labor. As a dad (Kyle), it was comforting to have our doula arrive at the hospital at a crucial point. My wife was on the verge of getting an epidural, but our doula helped her take it one contraction at a time, get through transition and ultimately deliver a healthy baby boy without medication.


T.O.8/24/2020From the moment we met Alaska, we loved her supportive, practical and no-nonsense vibe - and her sense of humor.  This year was a weird time to be pregnant - the pandemic really put a wrench into everyone's plans - so it was even more important than ever to partner with someone so knowledgeable and supportive. Throughout our pregnancy, Alaska was there with the info we needed - before we knew we needed it.  For birth, I unfortunately had to be induced - and it was Alaska's wealth of pain management techniques that really got me the through it - and allowed me to delay an epidural as long as I had hoped.  She made what could have been a painful and scary day a bit more magical - with soothing music, dim lights, and candles sprinkled around the room.  And for our postpartum visit, Alaska surprised me with a super special and thoughtful baby gift: a hand embroidered onesie for my little one with the words "i'm just being honest" - the catchphrase for all of the women in my family.  I highly recommend partnering with Alaska - she was so supportive of us the entire way through the pregnancy, and I'm so thankful to have had her be part of my birth experience.


Tova Weinstock8/18/2020Alaska was truly wonderful! She is incredibly passionate, knowledgable, committed, and open-minded when it comes to labor and birth. I had a clear vision of the labor that I wanted and Alaska helped me get there with her wellspring of resources and encouragement. Despite my labor lasting over 35 hours, she was available any time of day to answer questions and pop on a call when I needed a pep talk. At the hospital, she came prepared with everything that I could have imagined - she even whipped a fan out during the pushing phase because I was sweating! Alaska gave my partner direction so he could help me through the contractions and pushing and together they were a power team. I truly can't imagine what my experience would have looked like without her. 


Betsy Beyer8/13/2020Alaska was the best support a lady could ask for-- both over the course of my pregnancy and for the big day. As a single mom, it was REALLY important for me to find basically the world's most awesome doula. As an über type-A planner, I hired Alaska as soon as I hit 12 weeks. Once we started our relationship, she went above and beyond our set appointments-- answering every single question I had for TWENTY SEVEN weeks. She always replied pretty much instantaneously to my questions, and pointed me to extensive resources, etc. when appropriate.For me, where Alaska shone even more (and I'm happy crying as I write this) was during my labor & delivery. Due to COVID + some unfortunate events the night of my birth, none of my hoped-for support people (family or designated friend) were able to be there for me. I literally found out one hour after my water broke that I had zero family or friends who could accompany me to or be with me in the hospital. This would have made for a seriously lonely & scary experience, BUT... Alaska was one thousand percent there for me the whole time. She came over to my apartment so I didn't have to start this journey alone. She kept me chill in throughout check-in and triage. Most importantly, she made my labor and delivery experience not only tolerable, but overall pretty darn cozy and magical.To top it all off, I few days after I got home, Alaska presented me with a beautifully written (and hilarious accurate!) essay about her experience of my birth story <again, insert happy crying>. That will be such a memory to share with my little one when she's ready!


I6/3/2020Virtual Support During Hospital Ban on Support PeopleMy partner and I knew Alaska was going to be our doula the moment we met her. Her mixture of evidence-based knowledge and just enough "woo woo" made for the perfect combo for us. Luckily we were able to have two visits with her prior to labor where she imparted so much invaluable knowledge on us that was utilized in the weeks leading up to and also during the labor/birth process. When our birth preferences went out the window with the banning of any support person during birth due to COVID 19 - her role actually escalated in importance to us. Labor progressed pretty quickly and also included an early stop to the hospital for an IV due to dehydration. I wanted to stay home with my partner as long as possible, which led to quite an intense labor in our apartment alone. Alaska was in constant contact with my partner - all the while it felt to me that he was constantly in contact with me and 100% present (thanks to her style of support). She provided him with guidance, tips, and calming energy to help him support me up until finally going to the hospital to give birth. Even at the hospital she gave him the crucial tip to call me prior to my going upstairs so that he was on the line when I got up to labor and delivery (as I was in no place to make phone calls). Alaska also provided wonderful post-partum follow-up, with great advice that helped us with so many aspects of breastfeeding and generally caring for a newborn.We are forever grateful for Alaska's presence in the bizarre and very wonderful birth of our son. 


Caroline5/4/2020I was in labor with my son (my first) for over 70 hours. Alaska's coaching, support and voice kept me going through each contraction and push until he was delivered. My husband and I are so thankful to have Alaska guide us and help us navigate the hospital system, as we were originally a home-birth. We are so thankful to have found Alaska and to have her be part of such an intimate experience in our lives. We can't recommend Alaska enough. 


Kaitlin Rees4/23/2020From the first phone call with Alaska I felt an immediate sense of relief, that she was a person whose knowledge and compassion would help carry me through my pregnancy and childbirth. Besides the lengthy and packed-full prenatal visits, she was incredibly present to address our questions throughout, particularly as I was navigating the process of changing care providers and shifting birthing paradigms from a planned hospital birth to a planned home birth. She was so supportive in aiding me through that decision, and her confidence in me fueled my own confidence. During the actual birthing night, her fuel was quite simple and enourmously effective: sitting solidly at my feet with her hands placed on my knees for hours, softly guiding my breath and holding the silence, anticipating exactly when I needed a sip of a drink or a warm towel for my shoulders. A few days after the birth, Alaska stayed on a video call with my partner and I for hours in the middle of the night offering breastfeeding support and calming us as we tried to calm our beloved crying baby. She's a wonderfuly intuitive and dedicated person, powerful, funny, present. I feel very lucky to have had her a part of my birthing experience.


Michael Martin3/30/2020Prior to, during, and after the birth of our daughter Alaska was cool, calm, and collected. She was an advocate for my wife and I. During the delivery itself she was able to help my wife and I maintain control of the delivery when appropriate in lieu of the delivery being unnecessarily fast tracked by well intentioned, but sometimes overly pushy medical staff. This was greatly appreciated.


Christina Nickolova3/30/2020Alaska was exactly the support we needed for the birth of our first child.  She was informative, professional, funny, patient and impartial. From our first chat to the post partum visit, she was always available for our questions no matter how silly or minute. It was great having her with us during this experience and we wouldn't hestitate to hire her again for our next birth. thank you :) 


A & G2/13/2020Alaska was a tremendous support during my late pregnancy, labor and delivery.From the moment we first spoke with her, we knew that she was the right doula for us -- she had a warm, upbeat, approachable and knowledgeable attitude. We appreciated that she had an inclusive and multi-modal approach.During our pre-natal visits, Alaska shared a lot of information and resources to help us prepare for the big day. I really liked her emphasis on the words that we use to describe the labor and delivery experience -- during my own labor, my relationship to the intensity changed when I stopped moaning and saying "yes" instead. Alaska brought so many supports during my long labor -- acupressure, aromatherapy,  heat, cool, peanut ball, snacks. Her good humor and energy was a huge support to my husband too.More importantly, she also made sure I always fully understood what was happening and the implications. Because of that, even when things didn't go according to plan, I was able to make informed and empowered choices. As a result, I feel extremely positive about my birth experience and I credit Alaska for making that possible. Even now, weeks after delivery, Alaska has been a trusted go-to resource for my questions and concerns. I couldn't recommend her more highly!


Sana Garner2/8/2020Alaska is a wonderful doula. We highly recommend her. Our son was born at home. Throughout my labor Alaska made sure I was nourished. She helped me progress through labor by encouraging me to change positions when one became stagnant. When the intensity was too much she was compassionate and understanding and made it ok to just be, for a while. There were complications after our son was born and we had to be hospitalized. Alaska tenaciously made sure the hospital brought supplies to help me collect colostrum so our baby wouldn’t miss a beat with breastfeeding. We largely credit Alaska for our breastfeeding success. During the postpartum care she helped us process the events of our son’s birth, fed us, validated our childbirth decisions and made us laugh. When referring to our son’s homebirth my husband says, “Alaska wasn’t just helpful, she was essential.” And I couldn’t agree more. We hope she can support you through your own childbirth experience. 


A + A1/28/2020My husband and I were still looking for a doula late into our pregnancy journey. We wanted someone strong, capable and respectful to our preferences. One chat with Alaska and we felt a great vibe from her - she was more than what we were looking for, she was exactly what we needed, but hadn't realized it yet.This was my first time giving birth, and I could not imagine going through all of the unknown options without the expertise and experience Alaska has provided for us. Her unwavering support was invaluable throughout the whole process - from our prenatal visits (I went into labor early, the same evening of our 2nd meeting), through navigating the hospital environment so that we were able to advocate for ourselves in triage protocols, on the preferred wireless monitoring equipment, to the choices in labor induction, for an epidural-free and natural birthing experience. With Alaska, we were confident to make informed decisions with the nurses, PAs and doctor during the entire delivery. All of this while she kept an environment of low-lighting, free movement, lavender aroma therapy, hydration for me, as well as food breaks and naps for my husband. All of this led to a desirable recovery for me in the days postpartum, with Alaska visiting one more time to help me, yet again with my baby's b/f latch and drop off her delicious, nutritious congee and bone broth soup.If labor were an orchestra, Alaska was the emotional conductor and we were all just following her tempo and calm voice. We highly recommend her to anyone who would listen to our birth story. Alaska is passionate at what she does, fully capable with a wealth of knowledge and resources, and a great attitude throughout it all. We wish her so much success, because she truly was our champion when we needed her the most.


Irma1/4/2020We decided to look for a doula really late in the game. I had a chat with Alaska on Wednesday and loved her energy. Being that I was just 5 days away from my due date, I was anxious to have a prenatal visit asap. Alaska was very accommodating and she agreed to the visit the very next day in the morning. During the visit, my husband and I learned a great deal about childbirth and what to expect postpartum. I ended up going into labor that very same day, few hours after our visit. Alaska came to the hospital promptly and spent with us more than 24 hours, supporting us through the entire labor process and beyond. Even though we literally met her just hours before labor started, having Alaska with us during the birth made all the difference in the world. Not only did she help me with her relaxation techniques, timely hydration etc., she also helped us make informed decisions and communicate the same to nurses and doctors. Thinking about it now, I don't know how would we make it without her help. Alaska is caring, passionate, fully dedicated, hard working and knowledgeable, and we wouldn't hesitate for a second to hire her again. Forever grateful, Irma, Voitec & baby Noemi 


Kirby Fisher1/3/2020Alaska was an invaluable part of our birth team.  She was there for us before, during and after our sons birth.  I was so happy we chose to have a doula when the going got tough during labor.  We had a less than cooperative OB and a surprise induction due to high blood pressure.  It was wonderful to have her there to take time with to gather our thoughts and to game plan to have the best birth experience possible despite the obstacles.  Alaska made herself available throughout my entire pregnancy and clearly communicated how we should proceed when it was go time.  She was instrumental in facilitating an almost immediate nursing experience as we chose to delay measuring and weighing for one hour after his birth.  I credit her with why my nursing experience is going so well.  Not only is Alaska knowledgeable about all things childbirth and nursing, she's cool to hang with which is great since labor can take a while!! 


Camille Lannan12/17/2019Alaska's cooking is absolutely delicious and comforting. She came and cooked for us for a couple of weeks right after my baby was born and it made life so much easier. Prepared food was always in the fridge. I loved her food and her bright personality. Thank you so much!!!


Saipriya10/24/2019Alaska was an amazing support system from the time we met her during my pregnancy through to postpartum. What stands out the most about Alaska is her confidence , clarity in communication and her unwavering support to stand by you regardless of what birth plan you choose— she instantly puts you at ease and makes it easy to trust her. During my pregnancy, Alaska answered every question that we had and sent us a lot of useful resources and tips that helped me prepare well for the delivery. During the delivery, she was there the moment we felt we needed her during my induction and she came well-equipped with tea lights, incenses etc that instantly created a relaxed environment in a rather tiny drab looking hospital room! Through the labor process, she helped me through each step by patiently going through the exercise routines we had planned to do, tirelessly helping me maneuver through a small room (and countless wires that I was hooked to!) and also helping me remained focus through intense contractions. She was also able to step up and take on a larger role whenever the situation demanded (eg when the baby suddenly dropped and my doctor wasn’t available, Alaska took on a more prominent role and took control of the situation. She was particularly sensitive to ensuring that both my husband and I were at ease and aware of what’s going on and was calm through the entire period). Post delivery, she was in touch regularly (beyond the one post partum meeting that we had) to check on us and to address anything we had on our minds. Also, can’t forget to mention the amazing bone broth that she makes and how generously she brought some over for me whenever we met. We really had a wonderful experience with Alaska as our doula and I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend her to any friend or family member. 


Cheryl Klein10/9/2019I chose Alaska as my doula because I liked her relaxed vibe, her sense of humor, and her natural-but-not-judgmental approach to the idea of birth. She is a former bartender and improviser, and I get the sense that she can talk to and connect with anyone. She was extremely helpful in the runup to the birth -- bringing bone broth to one of our prenatal meetings, introducing my husband and me to breastfeeding basics and the intricacies of baby poop colors, and offering suggested exercises to help move the baby into the proper position and facilitate a smooth birth. She also recommended an acupuncturist to help me avoid labor induction. I went to see the acupuncturist and boom -- my water broke three hours later! I then performed a number of the exercises to facilitate labor, and I credit that with jumpstarting my baby's extremely precipitous birth -- just under three hours between the time I arrived at the hospital and my baby's arrival in the world. Indeed, my labor went SO fast that Alaska was only able to make the final stages of it, but she helped us out for the rest of the day, from getting the baby into position to breastfeed to procuring food for my husband and me. Finally, she brought two delicious meals for our postnatal visit, and continued to provide great resources, including a referral to an excellent lactation consultant.In talking to a number of doulas, I found there were mom types, spiritual-guide types, and friend types. If you're looking for a friend type whom you can be real with, I highly recommend Alaska. 


Layla Soudek9/5/2019I'm so thankful for having Alaska be my doucla for my birth.  It was my first birth and I think that if she were not there, I would have had to have interventions to induce labor, which I was trying to avoid.  My water broke and my birth was not progressing very fast at all. She helped my labor get started by putting me on the Miles Circuit, enough so that my doctor gave me more time to progress. She helped me keep as close to my birth plan as possible. In prep for the birth, she gave us a lot of good resources.  Alaska was very knowledgeable, fun, and super supportive.  She made me feel comfortable laboring and I was so glad she was there to get me as well as my husband through it.Alaska was great!


Poppy Lafond-Nero8/27/2019Alaska was fantastic!I didn’t know just how much I was going to need her.Really calming & really knowledgeable, she made the world of difference! I would happily recommend her to anyone.


LaQuana McFadden8/26/2019when I first met Alaska she automatically reminded me of home. She's very charismatic and in tune with the world around her. I wouldn't ask for anyone else if I was to ever have another child. I went into labor very early in the morning and she was there to give me advice and 4 hours later when my water broke she came to take me to the hospital. We ended up meeting halfway because I really wanted to get to the hospital as fast as possible and she was able to meet me halfway which I felt was very convenient cuz I didn't want to take her out of her way but she made sure that she could be there for me.  Alaska was very aware of my preferences and made sure staff at the hospital listened to my birth plan. She is smart, kind, and intuitive. She helped me stay comfortable and feel safe, while giving me a tranquil birth of my baby boy. Because of Alaska I would recommend a doula to my family and friends; with Alaska it was an educational and very fun experience giving birth to my son she was always there for me every step of the way. Overall I had a great experience having a natural birth with her by my side with my boyfriend. She even gave him great advice and suggestions and I would like to say that he feels that she did a great job and at first he wasn't so sure about a doula because he thought it was the same as a midwife but Alaska answered all his questions, explain the difference of a doula and a midwife to him, and made him very comfortable with the idea of her being by my side to help him in ways that he wouldn't know how to properly go about. I wish Alaska the best and I hope the guys reading this gives her the praise and adoration she deserves. 


Carol Bues, LM8/20/2019I worked with Alaska McFadden for the first time at the beginning of her career as a doula at a long, intense home birth. Alaska was amazing. She had skills and instincts that can take a long time to develop and show up in a new doula. She was able to balance the needs and desires of the laboring woman with the families, and the health concerns of a long, exhausting labor. Alaska brought compassion and enthusiasm when appropriate, lightness and optimism when needed, and always professionalism. Her "bag of tricks" seemed endless for  whatever the occasion deemed necassary. Most recently she was the doula with a family that needed to transfer to the hospital. Again, Alaska had the skills and ability to adapt to the hospital enviroment for a satisfying experience for the woman and her family. Alaska knows a lot of coping mechanisms and can help find what works best for each individual, and has an understanding of the health care side of labor, birth and post partum period. She seemingly effortlessly is able to intergrate her knowledge to normalize the experience for first timers. My business partner and I have since recommended Alaska to a number of our clients and many hired her. We are looking forward to more birth experiences with Alaska!


Monica8/13/2019Alaska’s food is balanced, healthy and delicious. Amazing home cooking. She prepared fiber rich, protein packed meals for my husband and I after our baby was born-he is vegan and I am not.  She is a skillful cook with a wide variety of recipes plus she is a lovely person and we looked forward to her visits for her delicious food and her wonderful company! Can’t recommend her enough. Get the meatballs! 


Carissa Ho7/23/2019Although I had always envisioned a peaceful home birth with the guidance of a midwife, never had I considered hiring a doula. It was only after much prodding by my midwives (shout out to MCNYC) that I began my search for a doula at 36 weeks. I was looking for a newly trained doula on a grad school budget. After meeting Alaska at our prenatal session, I knew I’d be in good company on my birthing day. She even brought over bone broth crafted by her loving hands despite having to travel long distances to my home. She listened to my birthing expectations and went over my birth plan so she could advocate for me in case of a hospital transfer. When labor finally began, all I wanted was to labor alone. As someone who is rather private, I preferred not to be watched while I gradually lost control of my bodily functions. My entire mindset shifted as pressure waves intensified and increased in frequency. Alaska helped me through the toughest contractions as she corrected my breathing, helped me change positions, and gave me much needed counter-pressure. She provided me with the strength to continue laboring in the comfort of my home. While the relief of an epidural frequently swept across my mind, Alaska remained supportive of my innermost desire to welcome my child at home. She had brought over a Mary Poppins’ bag full of supplies ranging from honey sticks to Arnica gel which felt amazing. I even had a chance to labor in candlelight on top of a cloud of pillows though I was feeling the least bit romantic. I am forever grateful for Alaska’s presence during my labor and delivery that I now consider doulas an indispensable part of childbirth, especially for first-time parents. I needed someone tougher to fight my inner demons during labor and I couldn’t have asked for someone more patient and resourceful. I have absolutely no reservations in recommending Alaska and I know that she will go on to transform the lives of many families to come.  


Maggie Boyd7/19/2019First of all, there is no one on planet earth who makes a better bone broth (very helpful post-partum). Second of all my birth was a truly insane one: we intended for it to be in a birthing center au naturale and instead I ended up in the ICU and during every twist and turn we had the support and unfailing energy of Alaska. She had all the potions, suggestions for positions and is definitely someone you can poo yourself in front of :) For a doula at the beginning of her career -- we were her first birth -- she was helpful, compassionate and knowledgable. Under such challenging circumstances she kept it together and we appreciate her for all her help. Since the birth she's stayed in touch and made sure we were readjusting and healing.