DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 TESTIMONIALS

Angelina Rivera

Sweet Serenity Doula

Buffalo, NY  Service range 45 miles

https://instagram.com/sweetserenitydoula?r=nametag

Birth Fee

$500 to $2000

CONTACT ANGELINA VIEW ANGELINA 'S AVAILABILITY

Maria Cristina12/15/2022Angelina was my doula for the birth of our second child this past October. At first I was a little hesitant to give this doula thing another go (we used one for the birth of our first child and it was a stressful power struggle between the doula and nursing staff). But as my pregnancy progressed, I knew how lucky we were to have Angelina in our corner. She made herself available to us throughout the entire pregnancy. Questions about pregnancy quirks, anxiety about birth, emotional support- she was there! She met with us in the 3rd trimester to chat and go into detail about my birthing plan, my must haves, and the things I absolutely wanted to stay away from. Boy was she thorough!! When it came time for labor, she never left our side. Angelina was extremely professional, and worked flawlessly alongside my medical team. Her calming presence immediately had me feeling very comfortable and at ease. She helped to keep me focused and on track- timing contractions, rubbing my back, and reminding me of my options each and every step of the way! She was a rock for my partner, feeding her confidence, and allowing the space for my wife to adequately guide me through my labor. She effortly navigated us. She caringly advocated for us. She left an imprint of strength and love on our birth story. So incredibly blessed to have had Angelina as our birth doula!


Jamillah Miller1/8/2022As many first time moms realize, along with the joy of finding out their pregnant comes a lot of worry and fear. From the beginning Angelina helped me name my worries and fears and talk me through them. There’s a certain power you gain from being able to speak to your fears rather than let them antagonize you and I’m grateful to have had Angelina help me do that very early on.As my pregnancy continued Angelina provided advice and support, meeting with my husband and I several times. When my contractions began and I realized I was in labor, Angelina arrived no later than 10 minutes after we were admitted. I hadn’t realized how tense and nervous I was until she greeted me with a hug and calmly let me know everything was going to be fine. Having a familiar and friendly face in a time when emotions and nerves were high was so relieving. As my labor continued and different options were presented to me by the staff, Angelina empowered me to be fully present in the decisions being made and made sure I understood that I had a voice. So much so that I was able to say no to an unnecessary procedure that was being advised to me would make things "easier"....my own doctor later telling me I made the right decision as things played out better than would have had I gone through with the procedure.It's important to mention how much support was provided to my husband as well. For a first time dad it can be scary not knowing how to feel helpful all the while dealing with their own emotions. Angelina made sure my husband felt involved and provided support from the beginning to the very end!Angelina's support didn’t end once my baby was born. She continued to support me through postpartum and all of the emotional roller coaster rides that come along with it. I quite literally cannot imagine her not being with us. Some people have a job and some people have a calling, and being a doula is definitely Angelina’s calling.