DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
10 TESTIMONIALS

Anna Carapetyan

Brooklyn, NY  Service range 20 miles

http://www.heartandmindbirth.com/

Birth Fee

$3500

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

CONTACT ANNA VIEW ANNA'S AVAILABILITY

Eli and Sonia Sundelson10/15/2019We honestly don’t know what we would have done without Anna! She helped guide our decision making process with a breach baby that resulted in a successful vaginal birth. Her strategies for pain coping and emotional intuition throughout labor and delivery went above and beyond what we were expecting. She also helped anticipate and navigate though issues that we hadn’t even thought of. The support, expertise and guidance that she provided throughout our whole birth experience was invaluable and we are so grateful. We can’t recommend her highly enough! 


Kirsten Adler4/24/2017Anna is friendly, calm, open, receptive, present, and knowledgable; all qualities that make for a wonderful doula! My husband and I always felt listened to and supported in our goals. During the labor, Anna was extremely comforting. Both my husband and I remember feeling a sigh of relief when she showed up at our house. Anna remained calm during an unexpected turn in the labor and helped us navigate some difficult decisions that needed to be made. After the birth Anna stayed for a generous amount of time to make sure we felt taken care of before she left. I am so happy we hired Anna as our doula and highly recommend her!


Jessica Gorman11/20/2016I can't imagine going through labor without Anna by my side. Anna was so calm, reassuring and available for me during the entire labor. She worked so well with my husband and the hospital staff and she was able to support me in the birth that I wanted and the birth was such a special experience. Anna has a ton of knowledge but she also has intuition and a great presence. I highly recommend Anna!!


Pepper Binkley3/9/2016We hired Anna to be our postpartum doula after meeting a few different potential doulas, and we couldn't have made a better choice for our family. The pp doula will be with you all through those sensitive, tough and amazing early days.  I can't emphasize enough how wonderful it is to look back now with gratitude at the support Anna provided. Everything from making a much needed bowl of oatmeal, to teaching us to use our Moby wrap, to talking through early bottle feeding and giving our son his first bath. Anna eased the transition into parenthood but also empowered us to become the parents we were ready to be. She is the best.


Tamar Hovsepian11/26/2015We hired Anna as our postpartum doula and couldn't have been more satisfied with our experience. Anna is a very calm and zen person, and that's exactly who you need on days when you are stressed, sleep deprived and emotional. She knows exactly what to do and what to say. We never had to tell her what needs to be done, as she knew exactly what we would need help with and did just that - from filling our water glasses to doing baby's laundry and making sure we ate properly. She was also extremely helpful in showing us how to care for our newborn, be patient and understand his cues. Thanks to her, we were able to establish healthy sleeping habits and nursing patterns for our baby and create a great meal plan for us. She is a great cook too. Anna went above and beyond providing us with support at a time when we needed it the most, including emotional support. She is a great listener and someone very easy to interact with. She was also very supportive and always available via email/text throughout our pregnancy and shared a wealth of information and links that were very helpful. We highly recommend her and couldn't have done it without her.


Sara Sowyrda9/25/2015From the very first meeting until the postpartum visits, Anna was a wonderful support and resource to our family. Her calm demeanour coupled with the wealth of information about preparing for labor, possible pain, and birth were key in helping to bring our daughter into this world. Anna demonstrated a genuine interest in getting to know who we are and what type of experience we wanted to cultivate. Anna was also flexible when the time came to change our labor and birth wishes. She kept her promise to remain supportive no matter what happened. I recommend those looking for a wonderful doula to consider Anna. Please contact me for further questions at sramirez22@Gmail.com.


Erica Pearson4/13/2015Choosing Anna as our birth doula was one of the best decisions we've made - she was so warm, calm and supportive. I remember saying "thank you" many times to both her and my husband during labor with my daughter - and still am very grateful. My midwives were also very impressed with how helpful she was, and told me so. I highly recommend her.


Jenni Weber2/15/2015I hired Anna after my son was born as I didn't have any family in the area.  Anna was great, her presence is very calming and gentle and she was excellent in helping me and my little one.  At first, she helped with the household and then with my son.  She gave him his first bottles and helped me figure out which ones worked for him.  Anna recommended babysitters and even therapists as I had a difficult birth, but she definitely provided an ear for me to talk to as well.  I highly recommend Anna for the transition into parenthood.


Julia Jonas7/9/2014I can not imagine the birth of my daughter without Anna by my side. She was a calm, serene and devoted presence throughout my labor, helping to make the process (even with a last minute transfer to the hospital) a peaceful and spiritual event for both myself and my partner. She "read" me extremely well, and seemed to anticipate what I needed at every moment, from hydration to soothing touch to soothing my partner. Giving birth was the most profound experience of my life, and Anna supported and enriched that experience from my pregnancy to holding my amazing newborn baby in my arms.


Sarah Maxfield6/10/2014Anna Carapetyan worked with our family as a post-partum doula, and she was an immense help.  Like many (most?) new parents, we were experiencing a lot of stress. Anna came into our home like a wave of calm in the midst of our stormy days. She helped tame our new chaos by cleaning up dishes and taking out trash, she assisted in solving the Ergo puzzle so that I had more confidence venturing outside with our new little one, and most of all: she listened. She was genuinely curious about our experience, how we were feeling, what we needed to share out loud. In those early days when we were feeling confused, isolated, and overwhelmed (as well as delirious from lack of sleep and new love), Anna was a huge support.  I would highly recommend her.