DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
14 TESTIMONIALS

Anne Wallen, CLD, CLDT, CPD, CPDT, CLSE, EpiDoula

MaternityWise Intl.

Valley Stream, NY  Service range 18 miles  I happily serve families in Brooklyn, Manhattan and Queens as well as Long Island within 1 hour of my home.

952-457-6506

http://www.doulasinnyc.com

Birth Fee

$3000 to $5000

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $70

Availability Remarks: VIRTUAL VISITS and COACHING AVAILABLE ALSO! I meet all vaccination & certification requirements for admission to care facilities. I am on the preferred doula list in hospitals that have one.

CONTACT ANNE VIEW ANNE'S AVAILABILITY

Keisha Katz8/3/2019When my husband and I discovered that we were expecting our first child, we decided that it would be beneficial for us to hire a doula to work with us throughout my pregnancy and to prepare us for delivery. We spoke with a LOT of doulas before deciding to move forward with Anne. In choosing Anne, we were pleased to find out that she absolutely met and exceeded our expectations for her, and that her commitment to overall health - medical, spiritually, and holistic - was just what we needed. During our time working with Anne, there was never a question we had that she couldn't answer or a situation that came up she hadn't already encountered. She was consistently responsive and prompt in her communication, and was available by email, phone or text. The day my contractions began, Anne was on high alert, texting and calling throughout the day and helping us decide when to go to the hospital. When we arrived, Anne was right by our side from beginning to end as I labored overnight into the morning. She advocated on our behalf, educated us through each step of the way, encouraged me when I needed it, and came prepared with every measure possible to assist in the delivery process and help comfort me. Even though the circumstances at the hospital didn’t allow for some of the comfort measures and birth plan options we planned for to take place, Anne was still present to help keep me hydrated, relaxed and progressing in labor. Anne was monumental in the success of my natural childbirth, plus she also stayed in the room long enough to help me with breastfeeding. Anne visited with us the week after the baby was born, talked with us through basic care for the baby and holistic recovery options for myself, and just make sure my husband and I (and our new baby) were all around doing well. Our last meeting was a great way to culminate her quality services. I highly recommend Anne as a Doula.   


Carina5/3/2019Anne is a very special person in my life. I’ve birthed a baby with her by my side. I’ve struggled with personal tragedy leading to postpartum anxiety and depression and overcame them both with her compassion and tender loving care. She was unbelievably patient with my questions and calls and time and time again gave me hope and encouragement when it seemed like I would never be able to pull it together. Breastfeeding was impossible at first but Anne knows the way out of impossible situations for both moms and babies. She has been doing this so long, she is the best of the best and also teaches around the globe. So you’re lucky if you catch her available. She is a coach and a cheerleader and everything you’d want in a friend who never gives up.  And one more thing, she’s worth every dime and more. Priceless. 


Annalisa Jacobson2/17/2015We interviewed quite a few doulas, but felt that we clicked right away with Anne. She was such an amazing support for our first pregnancy and delivery. My husband and I were terrified and wanted to ensure that everything went smoothly. With Anne's help we were able to feel calm and avoid a C-section even though I had to be induced due to preeclampsia. She helped us to navigate our way through the hospital procedures to ensure that we had the best experience possible. She was very supportive and loving throughout the process, and answered our millions of questions. Her advice was invaluable! We were so happy with our experience with her that we have hired her for our 2nd birth.


Sarah Dickerson2/13/2015My husband and I had our first child last May, and Anne was a huge part in preparing us both for labor, delivery and parenthood. She educated both of us about the process of childbirth and recovery. When it came time to deliver she provided the calm strength needed for not only me, but for my husband and mother as well. The moment I told her I was in labor she was on the way to our house. Anne stayed with us through the entire labor, and her presence was soothing and her knowledge was extremely valuable. After several hours of labor my husband and I decided to follow the midwifes recommendation for an epidural and pitosin. Though we had wanted a fully natural birth at that point it was clear that I needed some help, and it was the right decision for me and my son. After four hours of pushing and 26 hours in labor my son came into this world and greeted us face up. I have no doubt in my mind that if we had not had Anne supporting us and a wonderfiul midwife team that our son would have been a c-section birth. Anne was able to give us the knowledge, guidance and support to have our son without the need of a c-section. The classes that Anne taught about childbirth prepared both my husband and myself for caring for a newborn. The knowledge that she passed on to us gave us the confidence to take home our son, care for his needs and bond with him. Anne is a large part of our families wonderful birth story.


Bridget Cameron2/6/2015I wanted to attempt a VBAC with my second child, so I knew we needed a strong, experienced doula to help us get through it. Anne was that and so much more! She is extremely knowledgeable - you will never have a question she can't answer, and she is always available and quick to respond to your needs. On top of that, she is extremely caring. She really cared about me, my husband, the baby, and the overall well-being of our family. We felt totally comfortable with her from the very start. My labor was amazing. With her help, I was able to labor at home until almost the very end. We went to the hospital just in time to labor for a little bit and then push, and our son arrived into a calm, peaceful, happy environment. Labor is never easy - mine was 26 hours with lots of bumps along the way...plus my regular doc was sick so we had a doc I had never even met deliver my son! Through the somewhat stressful times, Anne was an extrememly calming and encouraging presence. I achieved the natural birth I was hoping for, and we owe SO much of that to Anne! We are forever grateful!


Christina Coronado2/5/2015I found Anne for our second pregnancy.  I had attempted a doula with our first pregnancy,  that I felt just wasn't supportive at all and I wound up getting an epidural at 7.5, she then left as soon as I got the epidural. So I knew that I wanted to try again for an all natural delivery with our second.Anne was perfect! I instantly felt comfortable with her!   I went into labor in the early morning hours,  that progressed very quickly.   Anne was there,  calming and comforting me while I was freaking out finishing the final little lip on my cervix.  If it wasn't for her. I would of broken down and gotten the epidural again,  but 3 hours and 12 minutes after labor started,  I fulfilled my dream of an all natural birth with our second daughter.  Recovery was amazing!  Complete 180° difference from my first delivery.I cannot wait to be pregnant again and have Anne help again.  She will always be a part of my family! I recommend her to everyone I know that is interested in a natural delivery or would like assistance post partum. The entire group is wonderful!


Laura Meyer11/9/2014I began to look for a doula, on the advice of my midwife, not completely convinced I needed one.  I had already decided, if at all possible, on a natural, unmedicated childbirth facilitated by a team of midwives at a free standing birth center.  I thought the services of a doula were to provide support and bring a more holistic approach to a hospital birth.  Being that I had the midwives and the birth center already lined up, what more could a doula do, I reasoned?Then the midwife explained to me that a talented doula, with whom I felt comfortable, could provide invaluable support at home before going to the birth center.  She could provide support during the birth in a way to compliement the midwifery care, and could follow up at home as well.Anne did this and so much more.  She came to visit and get to know us at our home on several occassions.  She was available by phone and text for questions anytime.  She offered her experience and referrals for everything from breastmilk storage bags to pediatricians.  And when it came time to labor, her presence was unobtrusive and incredibly supportive.  She made an effort to get to know my husband and I and find our what was important to us.  She was able to not only respond to our requests, but anticipate our needs and reassure us that everything was ok throughout our journey.Her years of experience within and around the birth process were exactly what we needed.  Anne is not only a mother herself, but has years of varied birth experiences.  She will get to know you and find our how she can best help you to have the birth experience you most desire.


Emily Urban2/17/2014Anne and Milena were a HUGE help to our family after we welcomed twin boys. We were a bit nervous about inviting someone into our home at night to help us care for our new babies; however, they were fantastic and made us feel very comfortable. We found their help invaluable because it allowed us to relax and rest a bit more so my husband could work and I could care for the boys and their older sister during the days. Anne was also extremely helpful with filling for reimbursement from our insurance company! We feel very blessed to know them and greatly appreciate how they took care of our family!


Lauren Duarte1/22/2014Anne was a complete Godsend for us in our 6th pregnancy (4th child).  I ended up needing to be induced 3 weeks prior to my due date, due to a liver condition, and while Anne ended up being ill, she very quickly had a back-up available for us.  Milena met us at the hospital, and we immediately clicked.I initially thought I "didn't need" a doula. I was a seasoned mom, and had had both in and out-of-hospital births. I was quickly turned from that position, as we had a rather headstrong care provider, who had me in tears because of how I was being spoken to.  Both our doula and my husband had to pull the midwife into the hallway (while I was locked in the bathroom in tears) and talk her down. I almost left the hospital that day, but due to the experience and training that Tranquil Seasons provided, I stayed, and we have our 4th child. Our family is complete.  Thank you so much, Anne and Milena!


Erika Pfluke1/21/2014I had the most wonderful experience with Anne and am so very thankful for her.   I asked her to join me at the hospital and she was by my side the entire time, completely focused on me every moment.    She has such a calming personality and presence and her being there was soothing to me.   She used different techniques to help me through the contractions that made a tremendous difference in how I managed the pain.   This was my 3rd birth but first natural and I had never experienced transition or birth with no medication and she was very comforting to me during that time, encouraging me emotionally and helping me through the physical part.   She was very professional and and tactful in being my advocate with the doctors, carefully and skillfully walking the line and respectfully integrating all roles - physician's, nurses', mine, and her own.When my baby had to go to the NICU, my husband was able to accompany him while Anne stayed with me.   I experienced some bleeding and clotting complications and Anne was with me during the painful procedures, helping me to manage the pain and reassuring me.   She truly has a such a sweet and calming presence, while at the same time being confident and strong in what she does.  She has the perfect balance.I walked away from that birth with just what I had hoped for - sweet memories a natural birth.   Anne begs to differ, but I know I couldn't have done it without her there.   I would have either given in to the pain or the fear but she kept me grounded and encouraged my heart.She is also so very knowledgeable about infant care and has given me much advice on many things from nursing, to colic, to baby sleep.  She is always gracious with my calls and questions.  She loves what she does and is so good at it.   I would recomend her wholeheartedly!


Johanna Sawalha1/20/2014Anne has been an angel.She got us through the first very challenging month with twin babies and she was a extra "mom" in the house at night, not just for them - but for me too!Johanna, mom of Satya and Nicolas


Christina Coronado11/30/2013I cannot express how absolutely wonderful Anne was during my delivery of my second daughter.  I had a very precipitous labor and Anne was just the calming comfort that I needed to have the natural delivery that I've always dreamed of having. Finding the words to really explain how Anne has helped me grow during this past pregnancy, is very difficult to find.  She will forever be a part of my heart and my family!!


Jill Sundie7/29/2013Anne has been a lifesaver for us on several occasions. She and her associates were there for us when I went into labor unexpectedly and early, and had to rush to the hospital with my 12-year-old daughter in tow for a c-section, while my husband was out of town. Later on, when my husband and I were completely out of commission with a horrible stomach flu, unable to take care of our little one properly, Anne rushed over to our house to help with the baby for the day. I literally don't know what we would have done without her--we were new in town, and had no family to help us. Anne is so calm and compassionate, and has really been there for us. We give her our strongest recommendation!


Kim Standley6/17/2011Stop looking for a doula cause you have found the one you want in Anne! She is one of the most caring and trust worthly people I have ever met. You can feel confidant in leaving the care of your little one in your home with Miss Anne. So is so knowledgeable about baby care and you will learn so much and such a precious time in your life for you and you baby. So goodbye to being sleep deprived!