DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
4 TESTIMONIALS

Ashley Duran

Sacred Labor of Love

New York, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  Travel fee applies if you live more than 25 miles away

9176880143

https://www.sacredlaboroflove.com/

Birth Fee

$1750

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $60

Availability Remarks: Support with baby feeding goals; Newborn care; Postpartum healing; Herbal Recommendations; On-going communication; Access to resources, referrals and evidenced based information

CONTACT ASHLEY VIEW ASHLEY'S AVAILABILITY

Afiya Phillips1/17/2023Ashley was absolutely amazing! I had suffered great trauma in my first birth. This being my second pregnancy I wasn't in the best mind set and had great fear around labor. Ashley was a shoulder to cry on but more importantly provided me and my partner with valuable resources. I lived in a different state but she made herself available to me; traveling out for sessions. On the day I went into labor she arrived quickly and waited it out with me. She protected me and made sure I was heard. She upheld my birth planning and I was able to give birth with joy and laughter. I would recommend you work with her, if I wanted more children she would be the first number I dialed. 


Nicole Mahabir12/20/2022I have known Ashley Duran for over five years now and our professional relationshipduring the fifth month of my pregnancy in 2022. Incorporating a Doula into my pregnancy plan was always at the top of my list. Prior to our professional relationship I have always known her to be intelligent, compassionate and empathetic to all and their circumstances. Once I discoveredwhat I was expecting I immediately considered Ashley, and from our initial call I knew I had made the right choice as she clearly explained to me what Doula work entails from both parties.Throughout my pregnancy she provided physical and emotional support, and equippedme with the information I needed to advocate for my family. Being that this was my firstpregnancy I had many questions and Ashley was able to ease my anxieties by always sending me answers that were backed by scientific evidence. I was able to confidently communicate my birth plan with my OB/GYN thanks to Ashley. She taught me to not only ask my provider the necessary questions but to also listen to my intuition and my body. This also strengthened my relationship with my provider as they were impressed with my knowledge and awareness.I can honestly say that my birthing experience was an exceptional one because of Ashley’s guidance. Her dedication to transferring her birth knowledge via resources was consistent and there were no surprises for me prior to and during labor. I am impressed by her commitment to making sure women, especially those of color and circumstances have the resources and opportunity to experience the magic of birth. I am honored to recommend Ashley Duran. 


Minerva A12/20/2022Ashley was an instrumental part of my pregnancy and post-partum journey. Throughout my pregnancy, as my doula, Ashley offered me valuable information that allowed me to make decisions that aligned with how I wanted to carry out my pregnancy and birth. She was always readily available to answer the millions of questions I had, consistently offering factual answers and doing the research when necessary to provide me with the best care. Ashley’s warm nature and sincerity shine through making her a grounding presence, which was vital during my labor. The fact that she provided support during my labor virtually and was the most important voice for me in the room speaks volumes about her character and her gift as a doula. I experienced some complications post-birth and Ashley was able to travel to my home and provide immediate hands-on post-partum care for ten days. Without this care and her knowledge, as a single mother, I honestly do not know how I would have made it through those ten days. She was able to teach me how to breastfeed and taught me different tricks for handling a newborn while healing from a major surgery. Her dedication to bringing sacredness back into the birthing experience was and is the pillar of what has allowed me to say that my birthing experience, while different than what we planned, was still a powerful story and I am forever grateful for her.


Megan12/19/2022Ashley has graciously extended her doula services to me for prenatal and postpartum care. The education and tools Ashley provided me with throughout my pregnancy helped me achieve an unmedicated birth within a hospital setting. My postpartum period has been a smoother transition thanks to Ashley’s support. Ashley has educated me on the importance of herbs, nutrition, and techniques to help me with breastfeeding. I appreciate the way Ashley helps me feel whole and recognized.