DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
3 CERTIFICATIONS
8 TESTIMONIALS

Bori Laki

borilaki

Great Neck, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  I also serve Long Island.

347-238-6077

http://www.borilaki.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2400

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $60

CONTACT BORI VIEW BORI'S AVAILABILITY

Jessica3/5/2021I had a wonderful experience with Bori as my doula. I would wholeheartedly recommend her to anyone looking for some extra support during their birth experience. For those giving birth during Covid, I felt very comfortable with Bori - she was very respectful, wearing masks in our home, drives her own car to your apartment, and I believe is now fully vaccinated. My hospital policy wouldn't allow a doula with me due to Covid but Bori was with me at home and stayed with me, accompanying my husband and I to the hospital which she did not need to do. She truly cares and it's more than a transactional professional relationship for her, and that made all the difference to me when I was feeling the most vulnerable and need of support. I fully trusted her after only speaking to her for an hour over a zoom call and a 2 hour prenatal session. For anyone on the fence about getting a doula, I highly recommend Bori!


Ana Ivanova1/5/2021My first impression of Bori was her calming presence. Even over ZOOM she made me feel calm and at ease and after that conversation I knew I had found my doula. As a doula Bori has a vast experience and knowledge.  She is also an aromatherapist and has her own line of products for babies and mothers. Bori came to visit me twice before delivery and thought me and my partner so much - different positions for labor, exercises, practices, we selected a set of aromas to use in the delivery room. We talked about my birthing plan and every little detail related to the delivery. She also gave me lots of valuable resources and reading materials. After every visit and every talk I felt happy that Bori was going to be with us when our son is born. During delivery Bori was with me every step of the way. My delivery was long and not an easy one but I knew my team was the best. Bori helped me find positions to rest a bit, to push harder, to gather my thoughts. At the same time she gave me and my partner all the space we needed. Her aromatherapy was helpful and kept me calmer and focused. She made sure my partner had some food and got some rest too. She was amazing!After Theodore was born, Bori came to visit us to see how we were doing. She gave me advice on breast feeding and showed us so many little but very important tricks about how to take care of a newborn. She brought presents - several of her own products, and I am still using them for me and for my baby. Bori Laki is an amazing source of knowledge and experience! I can recommend her to anyone that is looking for a great doula. Yes, she was my doula and now, she is my friend!Thank you, Bori! 


Aimee Cucchiaro Modica12/16/2020Bori Laki is an absolute dream - we love her! My husband and I became pregnant with our first child in March of 2020, right at the beginning of Covid. We were beyond and excited, but nervous about how we would be able to navigate our ideal birth experience through such tough times. Then we found Bori.  Our first interview was remote, and we instantly fell in love. First, she has a plethora of expertise under her belt.  Her knowledge is vast and she answered each of our questions thoughtfully and gracefully. She has a calm and straight forward and gentle demeanor which I really appreciated. What really struck us was her kindness and genuine love for what she does.  She loves babies, but more importantly, she loves taking care of mothers - an important trait to find in a doula.  We hired her immediately and so thrilled that we did!  Leading up to the birth, we met with her remotely to discuss my birth preferences and devise a plan. She gave me the space to voice my opinions and never once administered judgement on some of my wishes. We then met her in person for a prenatal visit.  We were extremely safe, wearing masks, and were able to connect one on one which was really important to me, trying out different coping techniques.  My birth experience with Bori was a dream come true - she was the perfect partner to my husband and made me feel safe, comfortable, heard and excited for the arrival of our boy. She encouraged me through my labor and provided pros and cons when it came to last minute decisions necessary at the hospital. She also worked well with my OBGYN, which is even more of a testament of how she works with everyone in the room respectively. Lastly, we had a beautiful postpartum session with Bori, where she answered even more of our questions on my healing, as well as questions about newborn care.  We could not recommend her enough! Love you, Bori!Aimee, Sean and Baby Aidan


Sarah12/16/2020I loved working with Bori. She was such an incredible support to have present at the birth of my daughter. Before the birth I met with her three times, each time she helped prepare me for the big day.  She taught me different positions to help ease discomfort during pregnancy and labor. She talked me through different decisions regarding my birth plan and helped me come up with one that I felt confortable and excited about. Throughout my pregnancy she was available all the time through text to ask questions and get reccomendations. On the day of the birth we were in contact throughout and she came to my apartment quickly once I was ready for her to be here. I only wish I had had her come earlier in the evening because it became clear the moment she arrived that it was time for us to leave for the hospital. As my husband collected our belongings Bori was able to massage my back and put pressure on the areas that allowed me to breathe through my contractions. Bori offered to drive us to the hospital but because of covid and wanting to avoid Uber on the way home we chose to drive our own car. She met us at the hospital and continued to support me throughout the 13 hrs of labor and hours after the birth. She supported me with massage, aromatherpy, suggestions to shower, changing positions, advocating for me within the hospital and encouraging me to do the same. She took photos after the baby was born and helped support me with nursing. Her prensence allowed for my husband to unload and park the car and when he needed a coffee or to use the bathroom, never leaving me alone. Additionally, when I changed my birth plan and decided to get an epidural, she was supportive, intuitive, & helped me feel confident with my decision. During the first few days home she visited and brought me products she made baby cream, nipple cream, baby oil, a healing salve, lip balm and face cream (some brought as gifts during prior visits). They are amazing! She is amazing!


Lindsey Fisher4/30/2020Bori was lovely to work with. She created a safe space for me to feel comfortable in during the very vulnerable first weeks after having my baby. She was supportive and nurturing. She provided insight and resources to help answer the multitude of questions that arose. I was two weeks early so we only had one chance to meet before I delivered. Her warm personality made me feel like I'd known her for years. Though we had only signed on for post partum services, she made herself available to me during the entire labor checking on me via text regularly. She eagerly awaited to hear my birth story and was ready to see me immediately. Bori made me feel like I was her top priority even after being up at all hours with other clients. She is a top notch professional and friend that will continue to be a part of my family. I'm so grateful to have had the chance to work with her. 


Natalie Bowlus1/13/2020My husband and I had a fantastic experience working with Bori. Leading up to the birth, she shared a wide variety of materials that we used to prepare for the birth, including books to read, suggested youtube tracks to listen to, different labor positions, and a packing list for the hospital. Bori also helped us develop a birth plan and a list of questions for our health care provider, both of which were instrumental in helping us think through what we would want to happen in different situations and be better prepared for the birth.During the birth, Bori was a calming and encouraging presence. When she wasn’t supporting me, she was working quietly behind the scenes, making sure that my husband was taking care of himself and that everything was in order. She also stayed with us for several hours after the birth when I had some unrelated medical issues to make sure I was safely discharged to recovery.Before, during and after the birth, Bori was proactive about checking in. She was always available to answer questions, think through the pros and cons of medical interventions, and help us with the transition to parenthood.In sum, Bori was fantastic support to us and I would happily hire her again.


Nora Dickey1/13/2020Bori was an amazing support for me throughout my pregnancy and after birth.  Bori is extremely knowledgeable about pregnancy, birth and post-partum.  She was able to know just what I needed when I needed it!  She went above and beyond - she was always available and demonstrated a genuine concern for me and the health of my baby.  I can unquestionably say that hiring Bori as my doula was one of the smartest things I have ever done and anyone would be lucky to work with her.


Dayna Sedillo-Hamann12/16/2019Bori is an incredibly kind, supportive and knowledgable doula. My husband in particular was a bit nervous about labor and Bori was the perfect, calming presence to help him prepare. She was attentive during my pregnancy, coming to visit us and plan for our son's birth. She shared information but did not push any one course of action during our birth planning. I felt like I was a lot more prepared as a result of our pre-birth meetings. When my baby was breech at 35 weeks on, Bori helped me, providing suggestions for things I could do to encourage him to flip, as well as provided ideas and support if I did not end up having the birth I had envisioned. She checked in regularly in the weeks leading up to the birth and was there, the morning of, fully ready to support in whatever way was needed. She also provided amazing aromatherapy and herbal remedies of her own creation. During her post-birth visit, Bori helped assess breastfeeding and build our confidence as new parents. We would highly recommend Bori for anyone looking for additional, calming and supportive care during their pregnancy and birth of their child!