DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
5 TESTIMONIALS

Brittney Kildare

Rhythm and Birth

Ridgewood, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  Travel fee of $25.

(516) 847-2255

https://www.rhythmandbirth.com/

Birth Fee

$2000 to $2450

Black Doula

CONTACT BRITTNEY VIEW BRITTNEY'S AVAILABILITY

Major and Tatjana Carr7/11/2023Where do I begin, from the very first interaction with Brittney, we knew she was the one. We cleaned the house top to bottom, burned sage and essential oils while neo-soul played in the background in hopes to give her a glimpse of us through our home. Off the walk in, she took it all in and as comfortable as we were hoping to make her feel , she made us, ten times over. Being first time parents we had no idea of the obstacles ahead of us, and sure enough she guided us sternly yet gentle with every word and action. With every step forward she became more like family than a doula. When the day came to deliver, deliver she did. Not only a doula, but a teacher. Teaching me how to read the monitors, reminding nurses what we wanted, soothing my wife through every contraction she had. Two days in labor and she was still at our side. By the time it was time to push our beautiful babygirl out, my wife was confident off the instructions Brittney had given her, coaching her every step of the way. I can go on forever about the phenomenal job Brittney does, but it still wouldn’t amount to what she has done for us. Highly recommended, extremely favored, and when we do decide to work on baby number two, there’s no other option.


Victoria6/16/2023As a first time mom, I am so glad that I had the support of such an exceptional birth doula as Brittney.   From our initial conversation, she was so knowledgeable and supportive. Brittney was available for questions through my pregnancy and her google classroom provided a wealth of helpful materials. Her prenatal sessions really helped me prepare mentally, physically, and emotionally for labor. She checked in often as I approached, and passed my due date.During labor, she coached me through the whole process, explained what was happening clearly - laying out my options in an objective and nonjudgmental way, and advocated strongly for my preferences. As a first-time mom, her physical and emotional support helped me feel much more comfortable and secure, knowing that I had her expertise to guide me.Afterwards, she continued to check-in occasionally and offered advice for recovery and adjusting to being a new mom. I would not hesitate to recommend Brittney's services to anyone whole is looking for a doula.


Ariel Asch4/29/2023Choosing Brittney as our doula for our second pregnancy was by far the best decision we made. She helped my prepare for birth, and helped my partner remember how to support me in labor. Her support was so informative, personalized, attentive, and thoughtful. During labor, my birth plan had too deviate due to an out of town doctor. In labor- Brittney was calming, she knew exactly the comfort measures that would get me through intense contractions (even in the car on the way) . While at the hospital she was the advocate I needed- when I was asked to get on my back during labor she suggested and advocated for a side lying position. After the baby was born she continued to help me advocate for all of the things in my birth plan (ie not wiping vernix off of baby) and helped me through all of the immediate post partum procedures. In all sincerety, she was like an angel in that room! Without her and my partner I do not know if my labor would have gone as smoothly as it did.ALSO her placenta encapsulation services are amazing! She encapsulated mine and I definitely feel the benefits. The whole package is also so cute with the keep sake and all!I am eternally grateful for her support in delivering our baby girl, do NOT hesitate to work with her.


Vanessa & Lloyd2/21/2023Brittany’s zoom call and then home visit prior to giving birth were very informative, but more importantly, they were excellent for getting to know each other. She is sweet, funny, knowledgeable, and real.  She would check in frequently and remind me of what to do to prepare for labor which was helpful. Her presence during labor was supportive, comforting, and not overreaching, which is what I needed. She supported my husband, stepping in during my contractions so he could rest. She was a voice for us, advocating and asking questions my husband and I wouldn’t have asked or known to ask and keeping us in the loop. She was our eyes and ears and let us know what was happening. Her postpartum visit was beautiful to end our experience and journey. We are grateful Brittany was by our side during our birth journey.


Pam Lynn1/27/2023I received a recommendation from a family friend about Brittney’s doula services.  We consulted and planned to engage services but God had other plans.  I went into labor at 25 weeks.  Naturally I was scared for myself and my baby. When I contacted Brittney to let her know what was happening, she reassured me all would be well and settled my worries.  She truly lifted my spirits and I went into emergency surgery with my spirits high.  I was not expecting this level of care and I’m so grateful for Brittney and her beautiful peaceful energy.  Since giving birth, Brittney has provided outstanding postpartum support.  She developed a lactation plan (which include fresh baked home made lactation cookies) to boost my milk production and I now the milk won’t stop. I’m so grateful.  My baby is in NICU and doing well and Brittney has been instrumental in giving advice and guidance.  She shared with me  questions to ask and services to request for me and baby.  I’m so grateful for her support and would recommend her to anyone embarking on this motherhood journey.