DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
37 TESTIMONIALS

Brittany Revo

Revolutionary Birth

Ridgewood, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens

http://www.revolutionarybirth.com

Birth Fee

$2500 to $3250

Postpartum Rate

$55 to $75

CONTACT BRITTANY VIEW BRITTANY'S AVAILABILITY

Christina2/20/2023I feel so lucky to have been introduced to Brittany Revo. She is an angel with a calming and kind presence, who you quickly learn is deeply knowledgeable, straightforward, and exceedingly compentent. As a first time birthing person, I felt comfortable asking Brittany absolutely anything, and I knew I'd be met with acceptance, understanding, and very useful information.Near the end of my pregnancy, my son wasn't turning head down, and I decided to have a planned C-section. This decision was difficult for me, and Brittany was such a source of support, love, and comfort through this decision making process. She swiftly and compassionately talked with me about what options I had, and relevant risks and benefits. In the end I was so happy with my birthing experience, and Brittany helped me build the knowledge and the confidence to make that happen.From a practical perspective, I loved Brittany's communication style. She was direct and clear with respect to: what her services involve, how we'd stay in touch, what the education process would look like, etc. - but she was also very flexible and willing to working with me and my husband in the way it worked best for us.Brittany is the doula you hire when you don't want to be told what to do, but you know you have no idea what you're doing. For those ~6 months, Brittany was a third member of our family, and I hope I get the chance to work with her again!


Claire11/14/2022We had a wonderful experience with Brittany! Starting with her pre-birth info session on Zoom, every aspect of her care was organized and thoughtful. We had to delay the start date of our postpartum care because our twins were in the NICU for several weeks and Brittany was super flexible despite having other families booked for the same time. Brittany makes it so easy to feel comfortable having someone in your home: she is kind, organized, resourceful, and she has a great sense of humor. Her postpartum care felt like having a friend come over to help us with the twins (a friend with lots of childcare experience!) We would absolutely recommend her to anyone in the NYC area!


Ned & Nellie10/29/2022Brittany was an invaluable teacher, companion, and support system for us during pregnancy and through the birth of our son. Whenever we needed guidance of comfort, Brittany responded promptly, and she always knew exactly what to say to put us at ease. We could not recommend Brittany highly enough for anybody looking for a doula — this would have been so, so much harder without her.


Kyle8/31/2022This is our second time working wiht Brittany and we had an even better experience than the first. I'd highly reccomend working with her. As a dad, having Brittany on your team is game changing. Because we've already had experience working together, Brittany built on the experience from our last birth and was able to make my wife comfortable and allow her to get into the flow of labor. We worked together as a team to ensure that we clearly communicated our birth preferences and adjusted our doctor / nurses expectations. Because of Brittany's help we were able to have our second unmedicated vaginal birth. The baby is helathy and most importantly, my wife had the experience she wanted, which is priceless. If you can book Brittany, definately do it!


Emily M.7/24/2022I had such a great experience with Brittany as my birth doula. I immediately connected with her warm energy and non-judmental nature. When my doctor recommended a medical induction, I called Brittany right away and she provided detailed guidance on what questions to ask and how to navigate the induction in a way that would help me manage the pain to try to move forward with my preference to have a non-medicated birth. Not only that, she explained the reasoning behind everything so I felt informed when advocating for myself in the hospital before she arrived. During labor, Brittany was such a calming presence and provided incredible support to both me and my husband. I am so happy she was there with us to help bring our baby into the world!


Katie L.7/24/2022Brittany was absolutely the right choice for me for my second pregnancy. It had been five years since I had my first child, and I knew immediately that her confident, sensitive energy was what I needed to make me feel secure. Throughout the pregnancy, our meetings were wonderful and it was clear she was not only passionate about being a doula but that she had a deep well of experience and knowledge to draw from. I started this pregnancy planning to deliver in the hospital, but in the eleventh hour I suddenly knew I wanted a home birth. This was never in the plans, but Brittany guided me through the change with such openness and even recommended the midwife I ended up working with. On the day of the birth, it was almost Brittany who delivered my baby solo, because I was feeling confident and wanted to do as much on my own as I could. She arrived as soon as we asked her to, slipping in almost unnoticed because she was so attuned to the energy in the room. All of a sudden things really picked up! Before I knew it I was pushing, and the midwife was still on her way. Brittany never for one second projected fear about the idea of handling that solo, and we came very close to having the baby before the midwife even arrived. But I never doubted that I was in good and capable hands, and I give her so much credit for creating an atmosphere of security in those last very intense moments. After the birth, Brittany was like a member of the family, staying with us to help until we were absolutely ready to let her go. She took care of everything so quietly and calmly. More than anything, she listened to my wishes of creating a calm and sacred environment for this birth, and she came through on that one thousand percent which really helped make it a magical experience for all of us. I cannot recommend Brittany highly enough!


Kara & Scott7/18/2022Brittany was excellent as our pre-natal doula for our baby boy born in June 2022. Brittany was recommended to us by friends and we found her to be incredibly supportive throughout pregnancy and birth. Her knowledge was evident from Day One -- the Zoom sessions we had on pregnancy, labor, and lactation were super informative and helpful. She always made herself available via phone/text, and we felt comfortable reaching out with questions anytime. Her greatest asset is her calm demeanor in the delivery room, or her ability to "bring the chill" in her words. Our 48+ hour labor was made so much easier due to her presence -- her willingness to translate everything going on into easy decisions that mapped back to our birth preferences was crucial and allowed us to keep our cool during what could have been a stressful scenario. We cannot recommend Brittany enough if you're looking for a friendly pre-natal doula who can make this process that much easier!


Ricky Stein7/16/2022Brittany was so great!  As first-time parents, my wife and I are very grateful to have had her services.  She provided us with a ton of information in several video sessions before the birth, then, the night of the delivery, she was a tremendous help in navigating the various challenges and decision-making process.  All the while she was professional and fun to work with!  Highly recommend!


Kevin Leong-Pelrine7/8/2022I am writing this from the perspective of the non-birthing person, 1) because my partner asked me to do it, and 2) there aren't many testimonials from my perspective. In the first weeks after we gave birth, I often told people that hiring a doula was the best money we spent in the whole pregancy. Four months later, I am still saying that it was the best decision we made. As first time parents with a lot of anxiety and even more questions, Britanny was there for us every step of the way with answers and reassurance. Our birth experience ended up being quite different than any of us imagined, with my partner being suddenly rushed to the operating room following the birth, and our new baby needing to go to the NICU. It was very stressful and intense with lots of questions and information being thrown at me. Brittany was the calm voice of reason through it all, helping me make decisions and hold it all together, and even helping me order food while I was holding our hours-old baby. I have no idea what I would have done without her. I appreciated the fact that she never told me (or us) exactly what to do, or even offer her opinion, but rather, she always asked "Is this what you want to do?" She empowered us to have our own voice in the birthing process, and gave us all the information we needed to make the best choices for us. She reminded us that everything is optional. I can hear her saying: "It's your birth. It's your baby. It's your body." (I'm paraphrasing). That was really important. Adding to all that, Brittany's pre-birth classes were excellent and provided us with invaluable resources (some of which I literally had open on my phone in the delivery room). We also had a very cute post-partum visit that completed the whole experience. Brittany was there with us from the beginning to the end (which is really just the beginning!). 10/10 would recommend her doula services to anyone. 


Katie L.6/20/2022Brittany was absolutely the right choice for me for my second pregnancy. It had been five years since I had my first child, and I knew immediately that her confident, sensitive energy was what I needed to make me feel secure. Throughout the pregnancy, our meetings were wonderful and it was clear she was not only passionate about being a doula but that she had a deep well of experience and knowledge to draw from. I started this pregnancy planning to deliver in the hospital, but in the eleventh hour I suddenly knew I wanted a home birth. This was never in the plans, but Brittany guided me through the change with such openness and even recommended the midwife I ended up working with. On the day of the birth, it was almost Brittany who delivered my baby solo, because I was feeling confident and wanted to do as much on my own as I could. She arrived as soon as we asked her to, slipping in almost unnoticed because she was so attuned to the energy in the room. All of a sudden things really picked up! Before I knew it I was pushing, and the midwife was still on her way. Brittany never for one second projected fear about the idea of handling that solo, and we came very close to having the baby before the midwife even arrived. But I never doubted that I was in good and capable hands, and I give her so much credit for creating an atmosphere of security in those last very intense moments. After the birth, Brittany was like a member of the family, staying with us to help until we were absolutely ready to let her go. She took care of everything so quietly and calmly. More than anything, she listened to my wishes of creating a calm and sacred environment for this birth, and she came through on that one thousand percent which really helped make it a magical experience for all of us. I cannot recommend Brittany highly enough!


Miriam Grossman4/27/2022Brittany is truly amazing - she was an absolutely invaluable support to us before and throughout labor, and we don't know how we could have done it without her. She was grounded, present, calm, and tireless. She was so respectful of how we wanted to do things and helped us flexibly adapt to a fluid situation. She added nice little touches to make the experience meaningful. And she helped prepare us with excellent resources beforehand. We so enthusiastically recommend her!!!


Jackie James4/7/2022It was so great having Brittany as our post partum doula. As first time parents living away from family, having someone we trusted come help us in those first few weeks was so important. Prior to the birth of our son, we really enjoyed our initial conversations with Brittany as she educated us on some things we had not considered for post birth. This included things to consider as new parents, as well as things to organize and prep for prior to the baby's arrival. When she was with us, she was so helpful, warm and supportive of all our needs. From helping us meal prep for the week, cooking us delicious hearty nutricious meals to holding our baby for us while we got in a nap, she was there for anything we needed! It was also great as a mother to have someone to talk to that is also a mother and has experience with new babies & new parents. She had great tips, adivce and was just another comforting support sustem to lean on during those first few weeks. I would absolutely reccomend having Brittant as a post-partum doula, she exceeded our expectations in every aspect and I wished we could have had her even more than our 6 sessions :)


Sara & Paul4/4/2022I knew from the beginning of my pregnancy I would be hiring a doula, but when it came time to find one, I kept interviewing and interviewing and no one felt like the right fit until I talked to Alaska. It was an immediate feeling of "HELL YES this is the Doula for me". We could not have been more delighted when Alaska introduced us to Brittany as well - they are a dream team. As we prepared for our birth together as a team, Alaska & Brittany were amazing resources. They are both incredibly supportive from providing help with decision making, to just holding space for the massive amount of emotions that come up during pregnancy, and in thinking about your birth. When I went into labor a few days after my due date, Alaska & Brittany were the first people we texted (sorry Mom!). Brittany was a calming and supportive presence throughout my many, many hours of laboring at home. Once we did finally get to the hospital, there were so many decisions to be made about what to do based on what was happening. Brittany was by my side as we talked through all the options. Not only was she an incredibly knowledgable source, but she made sure I was feeling comfortable with all the decisions I made. After many hours of labor and pushing I had moments of losing faith in my own strength, Brittany made me believe in myself again. I birthed a very big, healthy baby boy and I am not sure in what world I could have gotten through any of that without Brittany. She made sure we got a good latch before leaving which was an enormous relief to me. After the birth Brittany came over to help me work through everything that happened and all the HUGE emotions that birth brings about, her complete non-judgement & ability to gracefully hold space for all those big emotions was a gift I will never ever forget.I am truly blown away by Alaska & Brittany - I could not imagine going through pregnancy and birth without their incredible support. 


Rachel Miller2/28/2022My husband and I interviewed a handful of doulas when I was first pregnant and Brittany shone brightest among them! She was the most down-to-Earth, passionate, and soulful. She brought me to actual tears when she talked about what the birthing process could be and made me feel even more excited about bringing my son into the world. I ended up being induced at 37 weeks due to gestational hypertension and Brittany was right there to help me change gears and shift my mindset. I had had my heart set on laboring as long as I could at home but Brittany helped me come up with an induction birthing plan that I felt great about. While laboring, she guided me on the best positions to help me bring the baby further towards the birthing canal. I should also mention that she was a massive supprt to my husband during the entire prenatal as well as the labor and delivery process. We are so grateful for all she educated us on and assisted us with as we ventured to meet our little boy Earth-side. He's happy, healthy, and we're so in love! Thank you Brittany! <3 


Alex2/1/2022My experience with Brittany Revo. Where to even begin?  Brittany is everything I hoped our doula would be, and so much more.  From being a trusted resource throughout my wife’s pregnancy, to guiding our pre- and early labor at home.  From check in at the hospital (ON Thanksgiving), to navigating a confusing, long, arduous, and at times scary, labor. From delivery, to our postpartum follow up.  She was a constant grounding, helpful, and supportive guide.  A natal shaman, if you will.  This space is so full of misleading information; the mommy bloggers, the armchair experts, the advice from aunties, the anti-vax MAGA hippies, the boomers who said "we never did that, and your generation survived" - I can’t overstate what a lifesaver it was for us to have Brittany as a wealth of veridical information presented without bias.  She would give us all the latest research / information, and always remind us that whatever we wanted to do, she would get behind.  She let us know that her job was to provide the facts, and support whatever decision we made based on said facts. She stayed true on that to the letter. Our baby was born happy and healthy, in accordance to our birth plan, and (due to details I won’t outline here) I don’t think that would have happened without having Brittany in the hospital with us.  She was also available to us for postpartum support at home, a couple times a week, for a month - which proved to be another godsend.While I already miss having her here, I’m truly happy that other expectant parents get to experience the gift that Brittany is. 


catherine1/14/2022brittany is an amazing doula. first, she offered four prenatal meetings, which was more than i think is typical, and the meetings were both chances for us to get to know each other as well as mini childbirth and newborn care classes. the resource folder that goes with the classes is so helpful, and i still find myself referencing those files instead of scaring myself on google. leading up to my labor and even after i gave birth, brittany was responsive and made herself available to talk and answer all my questions as well as my partner's. i feel really lucky to have her has a resource because, especially during the pandemic, parenting in community feels almost impossible. when she came to visit me a few days postpartum i was a hot mess and her presence was so calming. also she did my dishes! during my labor brittany cared for me so genuinely and tenderly. she made me snacks when i needed them, massaged me when i was tense, helped me find comfortable positions, sat with me in the bath, left me alone when i needed time, and helped my partner feel at ease with the long process. When i got tired and felt like giving up, she was my cheerleader and helped me rest and push through. I hope to count brittany as a friend and i would love to work with her again in future pregnancies. I've already been giving her name to every pregnant person i know.  


Sara Leone9/14/2021Selecting Alaska and Brittany as our doulas was the best decision we made. I was overwhelmed about the prospect of selecting the 'right' doula and after our first meeting, my partner and I knew they were the team we wanted. Their support during pregnancy was one of my favorite aspects of my pregnancy. As first time parents, they provided all the knowledge we were seeking to make us feel supported, educated and empowered. They taught us so much about pregnancy, labor/delivery, hospital systems, interventions, postpartum, etc that my partner and I to this day share so much of what we learned with our friends and family, in hopes they too have a wonderful birth experience. Alaska and Brittany far exceeded our expectations and we're so thankful they were apart of our incredible journey into parenthood. My labor came on suddenly, so much so that we had to deviate from the hospital and team I was supposed to deliver with and went to a local hospital with a completely new team. We were so thankful to have Brittany, a familiar face, by our side encouraging and supporting us through what was the most intense event of our lives. They were also there for us postpartum bringing yummy recovery treats and words of encouragement as we began the sleepless nights and hazzy days of newborn life. We can not recommend this team enough and are grateful to the universe for bringing them into our lives. 


Emma9/12/2021We had a wonderful experience with Alaska & Brittany. Their thoughtful approach to supporting us in the way we specifically needed; thorough commitment to supplying us with the eductation to feel we could make the choices that were best for us at every step of the way; seemingly endless wealth of resources; and constant availability to be there for us whenever we had a question or concern really made our prenatal and birth experience what we hoped it would be. Their postpartum advice and support was also invaluable and really got us through that first delirious week. Without their help and guidance we would have not been educated enough to push for the care that was best for us and our baby and we would not have been well prepared to face the decisions we had to face during birth. We would certainly have faced a lot more fear and anxiety during our journey. We are so grateful to them both and would heartily recommend working with them no matter what birthing experience you are planning.


Rebeka8/21/2021Alaska and Brittany truly made my prenatal, labor/delivery and post partum experience seamless! I learned so much from them during our prenatal sessions which really made me know what to look out for as well as knowing more about breast feeding and post partum care for myself and baby. I had such a hard pregnancy and this truly made such a difference in my attitude about labor/delivery. They put my fears at ease! Alaska came over to help me labor at home for WAY longer than I ever would have if it was just myself and my husband. Her calmness and understanding of everything going on made me and my husband feel like we were in excellent hands. At the hospital she was able to direct us and give us info about what decisions to make. Also once I got an epidural she was sure to help me into multiple different positions to ensure the labor continued to progress! She helped so much with the initial breast feeding experience and continued to into my post partum time. I have absolutely nothing but good things to say about utilizing Alaska and Brittany and truly could not have gotten through it all without Alaska by my side!! 


Sarah Byrne8/12/2021We are so grateful for Alaska and Brittany’s guidance as our family grew from two to three. They were incredibly supportive throughout my pregnancy and had a wealth of knowledge when answering all of our first-time-parent questions.Our birth plan changed over time, and Alaska and Brittany were always available to talk us through the benefits and risks of each choice, which helped us feel confident in our decisions. During my labor, Alaska was a source of strength and a calming energy in the delivery room. I don’t think I could’ve had an unmedicated birth without her support and suspect there would’ve been even more medical intervention.We went into birth feeling prepared and knowledgeable, and even though my birth wasn’t exactly what we’d envisioned, we came away empowered by our incredible and sacred experience. We embarked on our parenting journey feeling confident and supported.We highly recommend working with Alaska and Brittany, and we look forward to partnering with them again for baby number two!


Jess & Matt7/19/2021Alaska and Brittany have gone above and beyond to support our family. Even weeks after the birth, they have checked-in and been extremely responsive to all the new questions we've faced as first time parents. The prep sessions we had before the birth gave us all the tools we needed heading into the big day, and we have just been so grateful for their support. They are extremely quick to respond, and have always been available when we needed them. Alaska attended our birth and offered hands-on support both directly and indirectly through advising my partner on how best to physically support me. It was very very comforting to have her there -- things felt more 'in control' after she arrived and I knew she'd be my advocate if any issues came up. My only regret is not realizing I needed a doula sooner -- hire them at the beginning of your journey!


Danielle and Alex6/27/2021As a first time mom with few mom friends, working with Alaska and Brittany was incredibly helpful. My husband and I chose them as our doulas after being the first team that felt like they really meshed with our personality and vibe. Their prenatal sessions were informative and helped prepare us for the road ahead. I really enjoyed being able to text them with any questions or concern that came up and they almost always responded instantaneously even when I didn't expect them to!My labor/delivery wasn't what I expected (induction after low amniotic fluid) but they helped explain everything that was happening as we got thrust into it and made the experience less overwhelming. Thank you Brittany and Alaska!


Rochelle4/29/2021My husband and I spent months debating whether or not we wanted to hire a doula, but working with Brittany and Alaska was one of the best decisions we've ever made! We were pregnant with our first child and looking for extra support and guidance, especially during times of Covid with less friends and family around.We are truly grateful to have found Brittany & Alaska and can't imagine our birth without them. We spent a few weeks getting to know them via Zoom sessions and felt more and more prepared each week.I went into labor 2 weeks early and was experiencing severe back labor with every contraction. Brittany spent the entire night supporting us over the phone and helping me to cope through the pain. After hours of laboring at home, Brittany came to help us get to the hospital and navigate the check in process. Throughout my labor she helped me and my husband to make many Key decisions that allowed me to stick to my birth plan as much as possible. It felt like we had a close friend there with us and someone to be our advocate at every turn. She supported me physically, emotionally and mentally, especially as I got more fatigued towards the end of pushing. She kept me focused on my baby and empowered me to keep going.I will always be grateful for her calming energy, loving support, and lighthearted, positive presence during the birth of my baby girl.


Sarah and Daniel1/29/2021Brittany and Alaska were an absolute dream to work with!  They are knowledgable, compassionate, and really understand how to navigate and explain the many sides of holisitic and western medicine.  After speaking with them the first time, we knew right away that we would love to work together.  The pre-birth support helped save so much time in figuring out the best information we needed to know and answered all of the questions we had.Brittany was in attendance for our hospital birth and brought with her an invaluable presence.  It is hard to imagine what it would have been like without it, as she helped keep everything collected, calm, and focused.  It grew to be a fun experience instead of something stressful or scary.We cannot recommend enough hiring Brittany and Alaska.  They operate with the utmost professionalism; and just as important, are incredibly fun, down to earth, and awesome support beams to have in your corner!


Claire Cahen12/13/2020By July of 2020, it had become that my pregnancy, labor and early postpartum months would occur in the shadow of the Covid pandemic. Alaska and Brittany provided the support, empathy, advice, and listening ear we needed to make it through. They had resources and tricks at their fingertips for every curveball that came our way--from unexpected third trimester aches and pains (a dislodged rib!) to a slow labor (31.5 hours!) to breastfeeding challenges (latch difficulties). Their Spinning Babies training helped get my baby into proper position for labor, and, on the day-of, Brittany accompanied us to the hospital. She was keenly attentive to my mood changes, fears and pains as my contractions progressed; she had snacks and a heat pad, kind words and jokes--everything I could need. She also communicated professionally but firmly with the hospital care team, making sure my husband and I got that “magic hour” of skin-to-skin when our daughter was first born, and that we were visited by a lactation consultant within hours following delivery. Brittany made herself available in the days thereafter for in-person postpartum help. My husband, newborn daughter and I are so thankful to have had her and Alaska’s support. As a birthing partner, Alaska and Brittany provided me with so many resources to support my partner and guide me on my journey to fatherhood.  On the day of labor, Brittany provided a calming and reassuring atmosphere and remembered the smallest and most important details so that I could focus all of my physical and emotional energy on supporting my partner.  I am so thankful to have had both Alaska and Brittany’s support during all stages in welcoming our daughter into this world.


Sophie M.11/12/2020Alaska and Brittany were absolutely invaluable to our pregnancy, labor, and delivery experiences. They were so friendly, knowledgeable, and fun during our meetings, and we knew right off the bat that they would be an excellent team to help us navigate the arrival of our first child. They always had very helpful answers to our questions, and whenever we sent them a message, at least one of them would always respond within minutes. Alaska worked with us the day our son was born, and she was amazing. Her calm, confident presence helped me and my husband cope through the most challenging contractions, and she came prepared with everything we could possibly need from start to finish -- snacks, drinks, massage tools, and essential oils, to name a few. I can't imagine our birth experience without her, and we're so grateful for the guidance and support she provided in this all-important moment of our lives.


Jon Hensen10/29/2020”Sitting in the most quiet and peaceful space in what is ordinarily a sterile and stuffy unfamiliar room, watching them both sleep together for the first time, I am in the most thankful state for absolutely everything under the sun right now - but today and these last several weeks working with you were so incredibly instrumental in nurturing this opportunity for us to experience this joy in such a profound manner. You being with us today, and both your and Brittany’s care and support and guidance has made our birth experience an absolute dream, and we are forever in your debt. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts”Several weeks later it still feels like a "pinch me" experience. My wife's birth was the most incredible event I have ever had the privilege of being a part of - and there is no small amount of credit that is owed to our invaluable doula team in Brittany and Alaska. They were shepherds in the process leading up to birth in both our discussed philosophical approach, but also in the very practical realities that come with planning the inevitable big day. Whether it was strategizing for our birth preferences, meaningfully listening to our concerns, communicating their advocacy for the health and safety of Mom and Baby, or simply assuring us that come time, they were going to be there for us - to help us bear this miraculous and yet unpredictable life event. As council. As advocates. As compassionate and thoughtful caregivers. 


Stef & Kyle9/21/2020Brittany was great! She has a fantastic personality and was a strong but calm force throughout our entire engagement. We wanted an unmedicated vaginal birth, and we don't feel like we could have done it without Brittany and Alaska. We really enjoyed the team dynamic between Brittany and Alaska. They each bring a unique contribution. Together they are a passionate, personable and professional team. Passionate:- Evidence based practices.- They work hard to clearly understand your birth preferences and support them.Personable:- Easy to talk to. Kinda like your older, wiser sister.- Fun.- Strong GIF game. Professional:- Incredibly responsive, which built trust and made us feel comfortable.- They were not trying to create a adversarial relationship with doctors, but helped us reconcile medical advice from doctor with our desired birth plan in pre-natal sessions.- Calming presence in labor.- Assertive, but not overbearing. - just enough support / encouragement to follow through on our birth plan.- Worked really well with our OB and nurse during labor. As a dad (Kyle), it was comforting to have our doula arrive at the hospital at a crucial point. My wife was on the verge of getting an epidural, but our doula helped her take it one contraction at a time, get through transition and ultimately deliver a healthy baby boy without medication. 


Charvi9/1/2019Brittany is a wonderful doula and we would highly recommend her to anyone. She has a lovely calm energy that was a perfect addition to our birth team. She was non-judgemental and supportive of our birth plan, at the same time reminding us to stay open and flexible when things didn't go to plan.It helped that she knew a lot, not just about birth but also postpartum care and breastfeeding. She also had some great tips on parenting in general. And she makes a mean lactation cookie! We are so grateful to have had her as a part of our birth experience.


Cate8/17/2019A friend’s doula referred me to Brittany and we connected over FaceTime. She was the 1st doula that I interviewed and I could immediately tell that she was a good fit. I liked that she had been a kindergarten teacher, that she calmly explained her role in the birthing process, and that she was very open to whatever birthing experience that the mom wanted. Brittany knows a lot about pregnancy, the birthing process (vaginal and “belly births”) and postpartum care, especially breast feeding. Like most doulas, she is a believer in natural birth (as are we!), but she never pushed her agenda - only listened as we relayed information from our Obgyn as the pregnancy progressed. She went above and beyond as my doula and attended a yoga for birth workshop with me when my partner was unexpectedly out of town. In the end, my baby was breech so we never got to “labor”  at home with Brittany. I know that she would have been a calm, solid, constant partner and would have supported my husband a lot in the process. And, when we found out the baby was breech and a C-section was the plan, she spent one session talking us through all that she had experienced with C-sections, to assuage my fears and so there was no mystery on the day.Too, she came to my surgery prep and kept both my husband and I calm chatting and reassuring us as the medical procedures happened. Lastly, she was there when I came out of surgery and helped make sure the baby had a good latch. To this day, I have not had any breastfeeding issues and I attribute a lot of this to a great first latch thanks for Brittany. I whole heartedly recommend Brittany as a doula and I hope if we have a second child vaginally, she will be there! 


Cristin zaccareo6/25/2019Brittany was an amazing resource for us. She is caring, calm, and provides lots of useful pre and post natal information. I initially wasn’t sure if using a doula was for me, because I am a very private person. When I had my first phone conversation with Brittany she said I could make her services my own. If I wanted her in the delivery room great, if I wanted her in the hallway sometimes to have a moment alone with my husband, she said no offense would be taken. At the end of my 2nd trimester I was diagnosed with gestational diabetes.  After my diagnosis I decided I wanted all of the expertise I could get. Brittany provided a sense of calm and support during the end of my pregnancy that I very much needed emotionally. At 39 weeks I was induced. During delivery Brittany was especially helpful as I was hooked up to many machines as part of my induction. If an alarm went off on a machine, she could help ease our nerves quickly with an explanation as to why before a nurse arrived. If we had questions on the induction process/next steps Brittany took her time to answer our questions in a calm manner that we could easily understand.  She also reminded us that next steps that are not a medical emergency and are our choice. We did not always get that patience from the nurses or doctors in the hospital.  1-2 weeks post birth Brittany came to our home to talk about my delivery, give me lactation support, and make sure everyone was doing well. She also brought some delicious nettle and red raspberry tea to help with my recovery. I would highly recommend Brittany to any friend or family member! She is very professional, warm and has an amazing aura. 


Lauren Melzer4/23/2019From my first moments speaking to Brittany on the phone, I knew right away there was something warm and inviting about her personality. It didn’t take me long to decide that she was the doula for me (and my husband!)When Brittany came to our home to meet us to discuss what I wanted out of my birth journey, my initial thoughts of her were solidified. She was open to any thoughts and concerns I had, and what kinds of supports I thought I would need. Even when I didn’t know what exactly I wanted, she asked the right questions to guide my journey. She carried with her this bag of magic tricks, birthing magic if you will... filled with items from scarves to different types of pressure balls to honey straws. Anything I could have wanted out of a doula, she was there to offer me. Fast forward to my actual birth- turns out I didn’t wind up using much of that magical bag, but her presence was magical enough. My water broke at 1:50 in the morning, and her smiling face was at the hospital with me by 7 (after everything was confirmed). Things progressed fairly quickly, at least that’s how I’m remembering it, and she was there every moment for both me and my husband. That’s what’s so wonderful about a doula like Brittany, they’re not only supportive to the mom to be, but the partner too. She offered assurance to my husband when he needed it, and even empowered him to be my coach and cheerleader too. My little boy was born at 12:54 in the afternoon, and from the moment Brittany arrived, until well after he was born, she was fully present in my journey. She quickly became a friend and a face I looked to for comfort. It takes a truly special kind of person to do what she does, and she makes it look so effortless that you know it’s a true passion for her. Brittany is one of a kind. 


Kate L2/17/2019Brittany is both professional and nurturing. She created a schedule to match our needs and gathered our food and care preferences in advance of baby's arrival. She is very knowledgeable. From baby care to lactation advice she had answers, suggestions and additional resources ready to share during her visit and through email. Plus, she is super thoughtful! she brought me homemade lactation cookies and nettle tea (both delicious!). Not to mention, she brings a calm atmosphere to my home with her relaxed and easy going manor.


Anna Just1/15/2019From the first moment of getting in touch with Brittany I FELT SAFE!!!As I approached my labor Brittany became my Friend and Teacher, ready to jump in at any moment to give my physical and emotional support, explain options and truly give me confidence in my choicesIn our meetings beforehand and during my labor, she helped me find the strength and confidence to successfully give birth to my son naturally, but prepared me for second and third possible case scenarios and discussed cases if things went a different direction! She was a nurturing and reassuring presence during a very intense experience of birthgiving and an incredible help postpartum!It was so nice having her there to prepare my husband and support his needs as well throughout the prebirthing, labor and coming home experience . I couldn’t have asked for a better doula and when/if I have a second child, I won’t even hesitate to call Brittany up and have her help with that birth too.Do not hesitate to reach out to Brittany - she has beautiful energy!


judit birck10/3/2018We found Brittany through a friend’s referral and I’m really glad she was there for us at the birth as well as for the prenatal and postpartum period. She is an amazing, reliable, calm and knowledgeable person. Served as a great resource all along. She didn’t mind going the extra mile when needed. She even helped research on hospital and birth center options available in Manhattan providing the kind of service that would best fit my birth plan. She helped to keep preparations on track and was a great emotional support as well. She kept it cool when I was laboring at home (and in the park) as well as when they wouldn’t let her in in the hospital at first - she calmly waited outside till we cleared up the situation. Our little new family is very greatful for having her on our birth team. I would highly recommend Brittany to anyone who is looking for a caring, knowledgeable doula, fully supporting all kinds of birth choices.


Kaitlin Lyra9/9/2018I had a wonderful experience with Brittany and would highly recommend her to anyone! She provided invaluable prenatal, delivery and postnatal support. Her expertise ranges from medial interventions to where to purchase the best nursing bras. In addition, she has a very nurturing and calming nature which helped to ease my anxiety throughout the process. She was super flexible and accomodating to our schedule, traveling to our apartment several nights and weekends. She is non-judgemental and was an incredible resource, and I can't imagine having gone through this process without her.


Gretta J. Hobein8/6/2018When my husband & I became pregnant, we were uncertain of weather or not a doula would be a welcome addition to our family. We researched the care doulas provide & realized one would add knowledge & calm to the experience of welcomeing a child. We received a recomendation to explore Carriage House Doulas and were overjoyed to meet Brittany Revo. She not only seemed knowledgemable but warm and relaxed. Over the course of the next few months, we met to develope a "Birth Plan" and get to know one another better. Not only did she answer every question that came up, she also provided resources to further our preparation. When the day came to meet our baby, I was induced and Brittany was at the ready. Although I never labored, having Brittany be a part of the hospital experience kept both my husband and I calm. Sharing the experience of meeting our daughter with Brittany felt natural & cozy. Since, we have kept in touch and I would very much recomend not only the experience of working with a doula but specifically working with Brittany Revo. She is a real lamb.