DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
19 TESTIMONIALS

Cady McVay

Working in partnership with Hannah Gray

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island

https://cadymcvay.com/

Birth Fee

$675 to $3500

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $50

CONTACT CADY VIEW CADY'S AVAILABILITY

Sharon9/19/2022I had Hannah and Cady as my doula team during my pregnany, with Cady taking over during the final stretch, attending my delivery, and the postpartum visit. I credit their guidance and support with my relatively stress-free pregnancy. I always felt like I had someone to go to when I had questions and the prenatal sessions helped me organize my time. Even though my labor and delivery did not go as planned due to medical necessity, I knew I could count on Cady's support. Her presence and experience in the delivery room was a huge help to my husband and me. I'm very happy with the support Cady provided and recommend her if you're looking for a doula. 


Lizzie6/11/2022I feel fortunate to be someone who had their first birth go more or less as planned and believe that is in large part to the support provided by Cady and Alaska. The prenatal classes were helpful in preparing me and my husband not only for the birth, but also for the time after the baby was here. On the day Rose was born, both Cady and Alaska were instrumental in all of the decisions that eventually led to our trip to the hospital. I labored at home for 15 hours, which was far longer than I likely would have been able to without their support. At the hospital, Cady was the calming presence I needed to reassure me that everything was going to plan and going to be okay. While I was in transition, it all became very overwhelming, but Cady reminded me that the baby and I were safe, and used her vast array of tips and tricks to keep us on track. Once I was 10 centimeters, the baby’s heart rate started dropping occasionally, and our provider recommended the use of a vacuum to help her out. Cady reminded us that we could take time to ask questions, and our provider was very patient with us. Only three hours after getting to the hospital, the baby was here. Cady gave me a magical concoction - applesauce - to help recover, and it was exactly what I needed. A few days after we were home, Cady came to check on us and help with breastfeeding, showing us how to use the pump and the baby carrier. Cady, I am so grateful for your support! We hope to work with you and Alaska for Baby #2!


Meredith3/2/2022I am beyond grateful we matched with Cady and she was our Doula.  Her knowledge, guidance, expertise, organization and patience was incredible throughout our entire process. There wasn't a time she wasn't available to talk me through pre labor decisions and understand all options available to us. Her website, pre labor tutorials and overviews, links to helpful articles and topics and array of pre, during and post care items for mom and baby was extraordinary.  Cady helped us understand the medical decisions that needed to be made and gave us great strength throughout the delivery process. Her lactation knowledge is very strong and was extremely helpful when we discovered our son was tongue tied. We have nothing but great things to say and she was a pillar of strength through the entire process. 


Abi Maguire12/6/2021Our experience working with Cady was beyond amazing!  Even before the birth, she helped provide all the tools so my husband and I could make informed decisions on what we hoped for during the birth.  We were as prepared as we were ever going to be and because of the knowledge shared and her immense support during, we were able to have the unmedicated natural birth we planned for!  It was such a profound experience that I'm so grateful to have gone through, but I wouldn't have been able to do it without her support of not only me but also my husband. 


Ali R.11/12/2021My partner and I cannot say enough good things about working with Cady. From the extremely informative and helpful prenatal sessions to assisting us in early postpartum, working with Cady was nothing but a positive experience. During such an intimate and emotional time, Cady supported us in every way. Cady was always prompt and extremely communicative. Throughout our experience, Cady was always available and no question was too small. Cady was never judgmental and always provided us with the information and tools to make the best decision for our family. Cady was incredible during the birth experience, supporting us when my water broke at home and throughout labor at the hospital. After, Cady helped get us organized and helped give us more tools, such as babywearing guidance, during the first days at home. I initially struggled with breastfeeding and almost gave up. Cady supported me in figuring out pumping and formula but also continued to work with me on breastfeeding. After a difficult initial experience, five months later, I am still breastfeeding thanks to Cady's support. I cannot imagine the labor and postpartum experience without Cady and highly recommend her to anyone looking for a fully supportive doula. 


Brenda11/6/2021Cady has a lot of great knowledge and helped me during my pregnancy journey as well as after. My plan was to have a natural unmedicated birth which quickly changed to a planned c section due to minor complications. I was so upset but she assured me baby comes when and how baby wants to come. Cady was also so helpful post birth.  Being first time parents that post natal care she offered put my husband and I at ease. She also meal prepped for us, helped us organize our pantry, laundry, & gave me breastfeeding tips which was major!! I will be calling you for baby #2!!! Thanks again!


Steven Cohen9/23/2021In the end, what I appreciated most about Cady wasn't her command of the information, which was excellent. It wasn't the answers and solutions she provided, which were always prompt and thoughtful, at all hours and regardless of how silly the initial question. It wasn't her poise, creativity, and generally comforting demeanor. It was that, in the hardest moments of a rather unpleasant hospital experience, she made it absolutely clear that she was there for my wife. Not for me, though Cady was encouraging of my supportive role. Not for us, as a couple, though she knew when to give us space. And not for the baby, beautiful and charming though he is. But for my wife, who couldn't possibly have made it through 75 hours of at times agonizing pain without the kind of single-minded devotion and care she received from her doula. Thinking back on the entire process, I am convinced that the preparation counted for relatively little, and that the outcome of each individual decision and conflict was largely outside of our control. What mattered was that, for better or worse, my wife knew, even and especially when she could barely open her eyes or articulate intelligible sentences, that she was loved and accepted and safe. I could have told her those things, and did. But after three sleepless days and nights, I had neither the energy nor the clarity to make that presence felt. At least, not until Cady arrived. That was when I, too, knew that everything was going to be alright. 


Sara8/7/2021My partner and I can't say enough amazing things about Cady.  The birth of our baby simply wouldn't have been the same without her. In the prenatal meetings, we were super informed and armed with knowledge for the last trimester of pregnancy. Everything from self expression, to the labor experience, to advocating for us to trust our instincts about our care team being aligned with our birth preferences.  They weren't and we ended up switching and it was the best decision ever.  Through early labor, no question was too small.  She answered everything with confidence and ease and helped us feel like we weren't alone.  On labor day, my partner, Cady and I were the most magical team.  Was able to get through a full day labor experience, 15 hours of which were 100% natural, through various techniques in the room.  And Cady was always there with ideas and support, even something as small as essential oil cotton balls she safety pinned to my labor gown and comforting touch. I never felt alone and I always felt advocated for and safe, especially during the really rough moments. Having her by our side during the golden hour was super helpful in my baby and I finding out latch together and starting the breastfeeding journey on solid footing. The postpardum support she provdied was essential in me not feeling insane. Many many many thanks!


Mahera Khanshab5/30/2021You know when you meet someone and you right away know they are a fit for you?  That was the experience I had during the initial consultation with Cady. I was exploring a doula for my 3rd baby.  I had a successful VBAC for my 2nd baby using no medication (including no epidural!) and was determined to repeat that for my 3rd baby.  Knowing a non-medicated VBAC is no easy feat, I was looking for a doula for mental and physical support.  Cady was exactly that. Since our first virtual consultation, she was warm, a good listener and demonstrated confidence in her practice.  After the call, I knew I wanted to work together on my 3rd labor and 2nd VBAC experience.  Throughout the pregnancy journey, Cady was very resourceful and sent along helpful videos/articles to prepare me both mentally and physically for the big day.  She was professional, organized and incredibly fast in responding (something important as often times you are in a vulnerable state leading up to labor).I was so confident in Cady that I actually pushed out my planned day of trying natural induction remedies as there was a chance it could conflict with another labor Cady had.  Of course, Cady had already lined me up with her back-up doula ‘just in case’ (who was also warm and fab by the way!) but because of the historical knowledge I had built up with Cady over the past 5 months, I knew I wanted her support.    On the day of, early-labor was slow, but she was patient and stayed with me.  When I transitioned into active labor things progressed quickly and she provided me the physical support (counter-pressure during the contractions) and the emotional coaching that I needed to hear.  All in all, Cady was who I needed by my side, and in the delivery room she was instrumental for myself, my husband, and my baby :)  I would emphatically refer Cady to anyone looking for a doula!


Jessica Rawls4/29/2021We hired Cady for the birth of our first baby.We could not have had a more positive experience! Our sessions leading up to birth and the resources shared made me confident in the birth experience we wanted and shattered any fears leaving us with only excitement! Cady was always very available and quick to respond. Once my water broke I had to go to the hospital as I was GBS positive. We kept her up to date with how things were progressing. Once we felt it was time for her to join us she made it there in record time! Right away she set the mood with essential oils and candles.She also worked her magic during contractions-massages, pressure points, etc.It was pure magic and I know my husband appreciated the extra help.I felt very confident that I would have an unmedicated childbirth but after we were getting close to 11pm and I had only progressed to 1 cm,I just couldn't fathom being in such pain the entire night.I didn't know how I was going to have the energy to push when the time came.It was getting obvious that this baby was not coming until the next morning. So I called it and asked for an epidural. I felt very defeated/guilty for not being able to stick to my plan but also a huge sense of relief at the same time. I never felt judged by Cady and felt that she was always on my side with any decision I made. I was able to get some much-needed rest and our baby joined us at 10:36 am the next morning-27 hours after my water breaking. Cady helped me push through every contraction and stuck around after the baby was born to help latch her. Cady joined us at our home a few days later and taught us so many helpful tips! We don't have any family support close by so this session was a huge help to us! Cannot thank her enough for everything! PS-the best part was when I started feeling queasy and Cady whipped out a puke bag just in time saving me from puking all over myself. That in itself was worth hiring a doula! haha my husband and I are still laughing about it!


Matt and Mandy3/27/2021Cady worked with us for the birth of our first baby and the experience was overwhelmingly positive.  Right before hiring her my wife learned that she had gestational hypertension and that the baby would probably be born early.  It was a stressful situation to say the least, but Cady helped us make the most of it.  When it came time for the delivery Cady was right there with us at the hospital.  After the baby was born she stuck around until it was safe for us to move onto post partum.  That transition doesn't take too long for most new parents, but for us it stretched on for hours into the early morning due to complications with the delivery.  Cady was with us the whole time, ever patient, calm, and supportive.  After we finally got home Cady continued to help us with lactational advice, which was especially helpful  because our baby was late-term and had trouble breastfeeding.  One of the best parts of working with Cady was her availability.  Whenever something came up and we needed  advice, Cady would promptly respond to our texts with informative answers.  Having her as a sounding board helped us feel more confident about making decisions and understanding what our options were.  The only downside of working with Cady for us was not getting the full extent of her services because of covid.  We made the most of it by speaking over zoom, but the few times we met in person were really worthwhile.  In that respect Cady was extremely responsible and respectful of our boundaries.  We never felt that she was putting us or our newborn at risk.  My wife and I couldn't speak more highly of Cady.  If you choose to hire her you won't regret it!   


Lesley2/5/2021Cady worked with my husband and I when our daughter was born. Allie is our first baby and our family is all based overseas - with COVID they were unable to travel to the US so we were quite nervous to have no family help. But Cady filled that gap so well. She taught us about swaddles, helped us give Allie her first bath, helped us with breastfeeding and bottle feeding and baby massage. She was a pro with Allie and Allie was so comfortable with her. Cady would even wear her in the baby carrier so Allie could get a good nap and mom and dad could nap too! A life saver! She was also so kind to help around the house with dishes and laundry. Cady is very kind and caring; she was gentle with the first time parents and wonderful with Allie. She became part of our family, sharing in our joy and struggles. Cady is extremely covid conscious and we felt very comfortable with her in our home. She kept a mask on the whole time, would change clothes when she arrived and was totally transparent with us. We also would liaise with Cady virtually when we had long nights with a fussy baby and she was a huge source of support. We are very thankful Cady was with us in the early weeks and we feel so much more confident as parents thanks to her. 


Becca Zammito12/29/2020I cannot picture the birth of my first child without Cady present. Having her there was like having a sister in the room, but one that knew exactly what I needed! I had a long and difficult labor - I was induced unexpectedly and categorized as high risk (diagnosed with preeclampsia) and Cady was there for me and my husband through all of the peaks and valleys of my long and unexpected birth story. I was hooked up to IVs and she helped reposition me every 30 minutes so I wasn’t lying flat on my back. I honestly think that was what helped move the baby down more quickly! She was there for me emotionally during labor as it stalled, and helped motivate me when things picked up. She helped coach me through pushing and asked the nurses and OB to honor some of my dearest wishes, like having my husband announce the gender of our baby. She also reminded my husband to ask for local anesthetic when I was receiving stitches. I honestly don’t know what we would have done without her! I will forever remember her being a vital role in bringing my healthy, beautiful baby boy into this world. Thank you so much Cady, you’re an angel!


Andrea11/30/2020Cady is an excellent and caring doula.  She was a great help and support to me before, during, and after the birth of my son.  She has a warm personality and is not judgemental in any way.  She provided me with a lot of information to get me ready for my labor and helped me make the decision of when to go to the hospital. Unfortunately, I had an emergency C-section. Cady was in the operating room and brought my baby to me so that I could meet him.  She also helped me in recovery and to set up my room in the hospital and she visited us at home and helped me with breastfeeding.  I was very happy and thankful that she was there for me and I would absolutely recommend her to other expecting parents.


Bushra Ghani11/29/2020Cady was my birth doula and was an absolute pleasure to work with. She is knowledgeable, kind, supportive and very easy to work with. Even though she is a relatively new doula, I found her services to be just as good, if not better, than other experienced doulas I have worked with in the past. She was with me for my 2vbac and even though I did not get it due to factors beyond my control (fetal decelerations happened during unmedicated labor), she provides excellent support during labor. Mine was a long labor and I was especially impressed when she would wake up throughout the night to provide counter pressure when I was having contractions. She is very dedicated and has a great work ethic. She helped me with spinning babies, aromotherapy and rebozo during labor. She goes the extra mile to make sure you are comfortable and cared for. I also was very thankful to her for referring a newborn car service to use for the ride home from the hospital. She has a beautiful personality and my kids love her too. I would chose her again to be my doula in a heartbeat, and would wholeheartedly refer her services.


Ligaya Batten11/2/2020Cady was an amazing support to us before, during and after labour. From the time we started working together (just before 37 weeks) she sent suggestions for hip opening exercises, massage and recipes for postpartum care and meal prep. Our prenatal meetings, which were done virtually due to COVID, were well structured and really helped us think through our birth preferences.During labour Cady arrived at our apartment in a timely manner and supported us in labouring at home for several hours with great suggestions and useful techniques to manage the contractions. At the hospital she was an invaluable support to both me and my partner and her help continued with lactation advice after taking baby home.Cady communicated really well with us throughout our experience, we felt very supported and I would 100% recommend her to anyone looking for support before, during and after giving birth.


Liz Saraceno10/8/2020Cady was amazing. I have known her for quite some time and never thought she'd be someone involved in my first child/birthing experience. However, the timing couldn't have been better. It was so refreshing to have a non judgmental, progressive, easy going person involved in a very high stress, unknown time. She provided me with a plethora of information including educational videos ranging from birthing exercises to latching techniques. She checked in on me as a mother, mentally and physically, which is special in a time when everyone mainly focuses on the baby. I couldn't recommend her more. I hope she continues to be a positive influence in our baby's life in the future. 


Kareen5/9/2020Para mi Kareen, fue un orgullo que en esos momentos tan de insertidumbre. En donde yo estaba viviendo la venida de mi hija Zyara.... Tu estuvieras ahi ayudandome y apoyandome como mujer y companera...  Muchas Gracias por tu tiempo por tu labor para con ese momento tan esperado.. para nosotros como familia fuiste un apoyo profesional de gran ayuda. Gracias por tu presencia y ayudaGoogle Translation: For me Kareen, was a pride that in those moments of insecurity, where I was living the coming of my daughter Zyara .... You would be there helping me and supporting me as a woman and companion ... Thank you very much for your time for your work towards that long-awaited moment .. for us as a family you were a helpful professional support. Thank you for your presence and help.


Emily5/7/2020Miss Cady McVay and her service has given me one of the greatest gifts I could ever ask for: a greater understanding of myself!  Her three month mentor process provided me with more information than I could have imagined about the female menstruation cycle, the meaning of various biological markers, the fluctuation of hormones, and how this all fits in to birth control. Cady has truly helped me to be an advocate for my own health. The process of tracking my cycle and drawing conclusions based on the various data that I collect on myself helps me to be an advocate for myself in a doctor or gynecology office, and helps me to communicate more clearly with doctors.  The tool of being able to understand your biological markers is a relevant skill that will stay with you through any and all stages of your life- from fertility understanding and hormone imbalances to trying to avoid or generate a pregnancy.  Further, Cady has helped me to understand the relevance and importance of the role of Doulas for women.  By understanding my own hormone fluctuations and the effects of those fluctuations, I am able to empathize with women who are going through the various stages of pregnancy: abortion, fertility, miscarriage, birth, post-partum.  I am continuously impressed with Cady's breadth of knowledge, her patience, thoroughness, and thoughtfulness, and ability to articulate these topics in a way that generates relatability and understanding.  Cady was and remains to be available to answer questions that I have throughout my learning process.  She is extremely approachable and made me feel comfortable to ask questions that may seem too personal - because really, at the end of the day, nothing should be out of the question when it comes to gaining a true understanding of your body and health. I feel that the tools that I have learned and my shifted perspective on female health will serve me for the rest of my life!