DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
13 TESTIMONIALS

Christine Gibson

Queens Doula

Astoria, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  I live in Jackson Heights, Queens

http://queensdoula.com

Birth Fee

$2900

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $75

CONTACT CHRISTINE VIEW CHRISTINE'S AVAILABILITY

Nikki7/24/2023I was terrified to give birth and I knew I wanted a post-partum doula but didn’t really know what that would entail. I didn’t know what to ask for, what I needed, what I wanted. Christine walked into my home, set up my bathroom with all my healing essentials, brought me homemade snacks, held me while I cried, listened to me talk for hours (lol) and treated me like a close friend all within a matter of hours. Having a post-partum doula was the best decision I have ever made for myself, and choosing Christine to provide that support was a gift I didn’t know I needed. She helped my husband and I with all the baby basics that they rush through in 5 minutes at the hospital and was there for us with any questions/support/etc about breastfeeding or pumping or bottle feeding. I looked forward to every visit we had with her and I truly could not have done it without her help - and if I could have, I wouldn't want to!!


Diliara Faizullina7/22/2023I just had my second baby(vaginal hospital delivery) and I had Christine as my doula both times.I think the fact that we came back says a lot on its own. My husband was hesitant about getting a doula at first, but changed his mind completely and agreed that it was 100% worth it, when we found out that I’m pregnant again his first thing was: we should call Christine! She is very supportive, she is available to talk to your through your symptoms or concerns at any time. I had a very difficult time breastfeeding my first child, Christine went above and beyond to help me find right resources and connect me with right support groups to make it work. Her support doesn’t end with the birth. I ended up breastfeeding my son for 18 months and Christine definitely played a big part in that. Both of my births were extremely comfortable and enjoyable. I felt so safe and cared for. Definitely recommend!


Gillian7/15/2023I had a great VBAC experience with Christine’s help! My labor was long and intense to start with and Christine helped me weigh my options and keep my spirits up so that when it came time to push, she put on a great playlist and I had the energy and mojo to achieve my VBAC. I especially appreciated Christine’s support before and after birth in processing adding a second child to the family and how to support my toddler as she became an older sister (as well as my own emotions at my toddler growing up!). I felt like I had a trusted friend in the whole process who could read my energy so well and didn’t crowd the process at all, but came in and complimented what was going on. Highly recommend Christine for the best birthing vibes!!!


Julia7/10/2023Christine is incredible!! I cannot recommend her enough. Pre-pregnancy I had never given much thought to having a doula, but I can’t imagine how different my labor experience would have been without Christine. She was a constant source of support and (most importantly) a source confidence for me pre, during, and post labor. Everyone I tell my birth experience to are stunned at the level of care she provided. 


Kristina Wong12/7/2022A bit of background; I began my pregnancy with some emotional and traumatic baggage stemming from infertility and having a close family member experience a full term infant loss.  Naturally after undergoing multiple surgeries and medical procedures to concieve, I was seeking a more natural birth experience.  I found Christine through a general Google search and right from the beginning she was a breath of fresh air.  Even though we had not met in person, her positive aura came through in our initial Zoom interview.  For those who have not experienced infertility, you meet with RNs and reproductive provider on a frequent basis, multiple times a week especially leading up to a egg retrieval.  Going from having such closely monitored care to only seeing my OB-GYN for less than 5 minutes a visit was not okay with me.  I feel so incredibly blessed to have had Christine support me through my pregnancy and early stage of post-partum period.  She gave me the extra care and attention my current prenatal care was lacking.  And when I got cold feet at the end of my pregnancy and chose to have an induction, Christine, this gem of a woman, gave me grace.  She listened to my anxiety and understood that at the end of the day I wanted to meet my baby.  My birth would have been 1000x more traumatizing without Christine by my side.  Christine guided me through each step of the induction process, reminding me of the end goal, giving me the space and power to nagivate my care.  Each time a provider stepped into the room to discuss the progress, Christine always made sure I had time to process the information and ask questions.  My birth ended with a C-section but when it came to that point I embraced it without guilt because Christine carried me through the toughest parts of the labor process leading up to that moment.  I am forever grateful to her.  We all need a Christine in our lives.   


Stephanie Coutrix Stanski11/8/2022Christine is a shining star in my birth story. Her support was instrumental in helping me achieve a VBAC with my second child.Christine is truly unique and has an evident gift. In addition to being incredibly knowledgeable about all things birth, babies, and postpartum, she has a special energy that made me feel safe and calm during the hardest parts of this experience. She helped my husband and I navigate unexpected situations at the hospital with a doctor we didn’t know, and I was impressed by her tact and diligence discretely keeping records of everything and helping my partner advocate for what was best for me. Her touch is also one of a kind and was a source of great comfort. Christine’s support postpartum was also nothing short of exceptional both in person and by text, especially as I dealt with baby blues and breastfeeding challenges.I hope to keep in touch with her for years to come. Having Christine as your doula is the best step you can take to maximize chances of the most empowered and empowering birth.


Amelia11/2/2022Christine was born for this work. She so innately carries so much compassion, knowledge, and an enviable calmness that makes her the ideal doula for your birth team. Throughout my pregnancy and 30 hour labor, my husband and I always felt extremely supported by both her and her partner Jaime.She helped us advocate for ourselves and my birth experience, validating any and all concerns we had as first time parents, and helping us understand what our options truly were. As non-medical people, it's so easy to get lost in the midst of medical terminology and statistics that are thrown at you throughout pregnancy and labor, but having Christine there to guide us with a human outlook was invaluable. Her positive guidance then followed through into my labor and delivery, which ended up being so much more enjoyable than I had anticipated, even given my high levels of anxiety heading into an induction that I was so hesitant over. Christine's presence soothed not just me, but everyone else in the delivery room including the nurses and my OB. I never felt anything but positive reassurance throughout my 30+ hours of labor. My husband and I cannot thank her enough for helping us bring our son into the world and for turning what I thought could have been a nightmare of a birth experience, into one that we can look back on with ease and warmth. 


Janynne11/2/2022We can only sing Christine and Jamie’s praises for the incredible insight, support and empowerment they provided for my husband and I before, during and after our birthing experience.From the beginning, her and her partner Jamie made sure to not only explain all the new terms, procedures, options etc. that came with every phase of the process, but to be our sounding board and emotionally support/validate us and answer any and all questions we had along the way. They provided us with all the information necessary to help us make informed decisions while empowering us to use our voices and advocate for ourselves and our family. We honestly probably wouldn’t have known how to navigate in such a new space had they not lead us through it.Christine has a special grace on her life—such a quiet strength in that her words and presence carry weight without having to be loud and overly assertive. I felt so much peace after every session with her and she provided that peace and strength and everything I didn’t know I needed during birth. Her care and support even continues months after as she sends resources to help keep us informed on all things baby! Christine holds a very special place in our hearts and we cannot thank her enough for the crucial role she played in such a new, vulnerable season in our lives!!!


Alexandra Michaelson10/31/2022Christine transformed my pre-birth, birth, and post-birth experience. She was available 24/7 via text leading up to the birth and visited us twice, providing support on anything and everything we asked for. If it weren't for Christine, I do not think I would have made it through my birth. She watched every action each medical professional took when I was in severe distress, asking me along the way if that is what I wanted or not - weighing risks, benefits, and asking for time when I was not able to make decisions. She provided a sense of calmness unlike any human I have met - meeting my needs graciously and respectfully. Christine visited us after our child was born, brought us food, and took care of my baby while I showered and relaxed. He rested peacefully with her - she has the magic touch. I cannot thank Christine enough - she will be a resource for life!


Paola Giraldo8/3/2020Christine was such an invaluable part of our birth team! She was always available and willing to help me find answers to my questions. Christine was so amazing during my almost 48hr labor progress. Setting the ambiance, taking pictures and notes, refocusing me and reminding me of my goal, making sure my partner ate and napped, held my emesis bin... the list could go on. Her presence provided me with a sense of calm and reassurance, she kept me positive and validated my feelings.   I appreciated that she wrote down important tidbits for me to remember of my labor, took pictures, and helped me process. She was so thoughtful! My partner didn’t know why we would need a doula, but afterwards admitted that having Christine was the best decision we had made!


Kate7/17/2020I had a great experience with Christine! She is so caring, supportive, and thoughtful and will help you achieve the birth YOU want! She was amazing throughout my pregnancy, always available for questions and helping with my concerns. She was a calming voice in the birthing room, and an advocate for me when things got hard. Post partum she has continued to be a support person as questions have arisen. My husband and I have been so grateful for her throughout the whole process! Would definitely recommend her.


Tsering2/26/2020Christine is an amazing person and the best doula one can imagine and ask for. We're so glad we had her at our side when we went to the hospital. Our goal was to give a natural birth, preferably without medication, and the fact that Christine was with us made all the difference that night. Without her timely intervention and advice that guided us, I have no idea which direction things would have gone. We checked in that evening and the labor continued until morning and baby arrived in the late morning. Throughout the night, I was able to hold it together through the contractions and the pain thanks wholly to Christine's positive encouragement, small exercises, massages, care and skill, and her comforting words. She made the entire process much more simple, smooth, positive, meaningful and natural. If she had not been there with us, I absolutely would not have had the birth that we had preferred. When we look back on our surprisingly positive birth experience, we realize that having Christine by our side was the best decision we ever made, because it was a true game-changer in every way.    


Audrey W2/22/20205 Stars!!!A month before I was due, my husband and I finally decided we needed a doula to assist in our first birth.  We'd been going back and forth for a while and finally come to the conclusion of hiring someone after talking to several friends.  After attending a Doulas and Donuts event hosted by Rachel Goldstein - we asked Christine to be our Doula.  She had an amazing vibe that was kind and considerate but also extremely informative.  She was the perfect fit for us.Little did we know that our "perfect fit" would be our life savors through our final weeks of pregnancy and our 36 hour delivery.  She stayed with us the entire time and was more helpful than I could have ever imagined.  From helping us checkin in at the hospital, to setting up our "safe space" delivery room, to speaking with nurses when I was uncertain, to helping me with the simple task of putting my hair in a ponytail, to texting my family through the night so they felt informed, to coaching me through every transition of my delivery, to grabbing me extra pudding cups, to encouraging my husband, to siting with us after delivery to make sure we were taken care of...she was the BEST.  I couldn't recommend a better doula than Christine Gibson.