DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
5 TESTIMONIALS

Cloe Alvarado

Cloe the Doula

Atlantic Beach, NY  Service range 25 miles  No ferries

5162098032

https://www.cloethedoula.com/

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2200

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $45

Availability Remarks: Available for daytime, over nights, and evenings

CONTACT CLOE VIEW CLOE'S AVAILABILITY

Lael O'Shaughnessy3/17/2023Our experience with Cloe was perfect. She was a perfect fit for us -- laid back, trustworthy, knowledgable, and non-judgemental. She had great advice but never pushed us, just presented her knowledge in a relaxed and easy way. It was so nice to get some genuine sleep in the first couple of months of our son's life (a rare commodity with a newborn) and we are already sad that our time with her is over. It can be stressful finding someone you trust to have around in the delicate postpartum time but she is the perfect person to have in your home at that vulnerable time. We felt so comfortable having her around and will miss her. I would recommend her to any new parents! We used her nighttime services but would have been thrilled to have her during the day too and though we didn't have a birth doula but we definitely would use Cloe for that in the future too! Cannot praise her enough.


Stephanie2/12/2023Having cloe as a daytime postpartum doula was a great experience. As a first time mom I honestly didn't know what to expect. Cloe was helpful in so many ways! She made the best and tastiest oatmeal, she prepared meals for us, helped with our laundry, took care of my baby while I showered or organized things at home. The one thing I appreciated the most was having her company and being able to talk about various things related to parenting. She made me feel comfortable even when my house was a total mess. I would definitely recommend Cloe to anyone who may need a helping hand during those first few weeks postpartum. 


HeeMin Kim1/31/2023As first time parents, my husband and I quickly realized that no book or class could prepare us for the actual birth experience. We had close friends suggest working with a birth doula and after speaking with Cloe, we knew that we made the right choice for our family. Right off the bat, Cloe made us feel at ease and supported. She is a wonderful listener and answered all of our endless questions. She taught us various comfort measures we could take at home to help with labor and was there in the delivery room to offer the same level of support. She was my advocate in the delivery room and she made sure that I was comfortable and taken care of at every moment. Her guidance and support in the delivery room was everything we needed and more, we are so grateful that she was there for our special day. And it didn't stop there, she was also there to support us postpartum. Checking in on us via text and with postpartum visits, she was there to answer all questions newborn related! When we were feeling most alone and lost, she was just a text away. She was the perfect doula for our journey and we could not recommend her enough! 


Sam1/9/2023We worked with Cloe for overnight support for the first 6 weeks of our daughters birth in tandem with another night doula. We can’t say enough great things! Cloe was always on time, easy with scheduling, prioritized our sleep and rest, and gave us wonderful advice on how to handle an infant. She shared tips on everything from gas, to wake windows, to latching. Literally a walking baby encyclopedia! We are so grateful for her help and will be reaching out for our next baby!


Ellie12/6/2021Cloe was a pleasure to work with and absolutely fantastic with our newborn daughter. She was incredibly helpful and patient as she coached us and answered all of our questions through the early days of being new parents. Looking back, her support was an important and necessary part of our postpartum journey. 