DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
19 TESTIMONIALS

Elizabeth Addeo CD(DONA), LCCE

Afterglow Albany Birth

Albany, NY  Service range 20 miles

(518)727-7634

https://www.afterglowalbanybirth.com/

Birth Fee

Not specified

CONTACT ELIZABETH VIEW ELIZABETH'S AVAILABILITY

Jared Matthew Weiss1/31/2023Liz Addeo is the human being you want in the room with you (or your partner) when your child is being born. She is love, wisdom, humor, patience, and empathy personified.


Heather Sheridan9/30/2022I have nothing but positive things to say regarding my family's experience working with Liz. Her guidance and expertise advice before, during, and after my daughters birth was wonderful. It was our family's first pregnancy and birth, and Liz helped guide us in a proactive, positive direction with lots of tools, tips, and resources. Most significantly were her Spinning Babies techniques during pregnancy to help prepare for labor, and her lactation support after my daughters birth. During labor and birth, it was most helpful to have her present when my labor stalled and she was able to clarify and translate what was medically going on so that I could make the best decisions moving forward to have a positive and healthy experience. We would definitely recommend her and would love to work with her again!


Kerry Taylor9/20/2022I am glad that we chose Liz as our doula. After a traumatic first birth which ended in an emergency C section I was afraid to try a VBAC but also didn't want to deal with the recovery of another c section. After talking to Liz I felt much more confident with trying for a VBAC with her help. I felt very supported by Liz in all of my decisions prior to the baby's arrival as well as while in labor. Throughout labor she was continuously trying different positions and movements with me to encourage the baby to get into optimal position and progress which all paid off enormously when I was able to have a beautiful, trauma-free vaginal birth. She is an excellent advocate for her clients and I think that her education in Spinning Babies methods is extremely helpful. I highly recommend Liz and will always be thankful for everything she did to help with the birth of our daughter. 


Kerry Taylor9/20/2022I am glad that we chose Liz as our doula. After a traumatic first birth which ended in an emergency C section I was afraid to try a VBAC but also didn't want to deal with the recovery of another c section. After talking to Liz I felt much more confident with trying for a VBAC with her help. I felt very supported by Liz in all of my decisions prior to the baby's arrival as well as while in labor. Throughout labor she was continuously trying different positions and movements with me to encourage the baby to get into optimal position and progress which all paid off enormously when I was able to have a beautiful, trauma-free vaginal birth. She is an excellent advocate for her clients and I think that her education in Spinning Babies methods is extremely helpful. I highly recommend Liz and will always be thankful for everything she did to help with the birth of our daughter. 


Kelly Bromm7/12/2022Going into my first pregnancy, labor and postpartum experience, I knew I wanted a doula to help support my husband and I through this entirely new process. At the time, COVID regulations only allowed me to have one support person and one doula at our birthing center. Luckily, we found Liz and ended up having an amazing birth experience. Liz had the most calming presence throughout the whole birth process. From when my water broke in the middle of the night to postpartum struggles, she was so full of knowledge and helpful words of support. She could tell when my husband or I were apprehensive about a decision that needed to be made in the birth center, and would advocate for us to have some time to talk it over, then would answer our questions even more thoroughly than most members of the hospital staff. Liz not only emotionally supported us through a very very long and challenging labor, but physically supported me and knew all the pressure points, positions and pain relief options that would help get me through a mostly unmedicated birth experience. Not only did she remind me of the important things I needed to hear while in labor, but she also reminded my husband to take breaks, go to the bathroom, stay hydrated, eat, etc. Two huge bonuses that we weren't expecting but are forever thankful for were the beautiful photos she took that captured so many emotions in the moments leading up to our daughter being born. And navigating our food delivery when we were all exhausted postpartum but our delivery person couldn't figure out where to deliver our food. She took the phone from my husband’s hands and made sure we got the food we very much needed after a long labor and birth.We could not recommend Liz more, anyone we know whose expecting, we've recommended they hire Liz as their doula. We will be hiring her again for baby no.2 , she’s the absolute best.


Nicole Travis2/15/2022I will start out with saying I don't think I would of had such a positive birth experience without Liz!! If we have another child I will be calling Liz and her partner doula right away!My husband and I decided in the last trimester that we would want to hire doulas. Liz provided us with information to help my body prepare for birth, went over birthing rights and options. She also provided information and choices I had during my checkups during the pregnancy.My pregnancy and birth were during the pandemic with everything being so uncertain it was wonderful to know we had one for sure thing and that was the help of our doula!We were able to set up a birth plan and alternatives I was comfortable with. During labor I was able to talk to Sarah and she made suggestion that were very helpful. This also allowed my husband to focus soly of me and my needs.I honestly did not think I would have so many question postpartum as I did. I can't say enough how helpful and supportive it was to have a doula in those intitial weeks. I also suffered from a prolapse which my obgyn did not provide much info on. I had never known about this health issue and it was helpful to be able to ask someone about this subject other than my provider.Also when I was suffering from a clog duct Liz helped me use my Hakka and successfully get the clog out.So if you are question weather or not  to hire a doula for your pregnancy and birth you won't regret it!!


Sarah Manzi1/17/2022I am so happy we hired Liz to help with our birthing experience. Not only does she know the ins and outs of the hospital / provider care, she also was an incredibly strong advocate for me in attempts to follow my birth plan. She gave me the chance to have the best experience I could have had. Liz is extremely intuitive and was completely tuned into my needs throughout the whole labor process. She was calming and I felt safe in her presence. She allowed me the space to create my own experience yet still remained extremely supportive to both myself and my partner. Pregnancy & postpartum can bring up a lot of uncomfortable issues and questions and Liz always made me feel comfortable sharing/asking and I never once felt judged. I would (in a heartbeat) hire Liz for my next pregnancy. She made me feel like an empowered goddess! My partner and I tell everyone we know what a huge asset hiring her was. We both cannot recommend her enough.


Jill Taylor1/10/2022I met Liz through her doula partner, Sarah.   (Sarah was my childbirth instructor for my first birth).  I sought out doula services after a traumatizing first birth experience.  Upon meeting Liz, I felt immediately at ease and supported.  Liz provided her wisdom, insight and knowledge related to pregnancy, birth and postpartum.  She was an excellent advocate and was quick to provide resources that supported my birth vision and postpartum experience.  I had feelings of anxiety and fear leading into my third trimester but Liz was able to help me mitgate them.  I felt strong and confident going into this birth.   Baby arrived 4 days past the due date.  Labor was fast and furious but Liz was there to support my partner & I.  This birth experience was redemptive and empowering, occuring how I always hoped it would.  I know it would not have been this way without the support of Liz & Sarah. Liz also provided wonderful support in postpartum.  Although baby & I had a rocky start, Sarah and Liz were able to recommend provider(s) to achieve my feeding goals.  Having doula support was essential to achieving my birth/postpartum vision.  I am SO grateful for the support of Sarah and Liz.  If you seek to birth the way that YOU WANT, get this doula - you won't regret it.


Lauren Darling1/10/2022My husband and I worked with Liz  before, during and after the birth of our first child. Prior to giving birth Liz got to know us both and our expectations and desires for the birth. Since we knew nothing and had no expectations, she was a wealth of knowledge and helped us become educated on all our options and what to expect. Liz was always availabile and so easy to talk with. She was there during the long 25 hrs of labor and was absolutely the best. Positive, supportive and knowledgeable. We asked her tons of questions even after Katie was born and she provided tons of support. Liz was always willing to help and such an amazing recourse. I would totally (and have) recommended her to friends. 


Leah Thompson1/6/2022Choosing Liz for our doula was one of the best decisions we've ever made.  I knew I wanted a doula who had certifications in VBAC Link course & Spinning Babies, and Liz came highly recommended by our midwife.  Her services include generous prenatal support appointments, the entire delivery, and some postpartum support as well, for a very reasonable price even at the top of her sliding scale. Liz helped so much in the mental game of preparing for my VBAC. Her expert advice (working with partner Sarah Read) helped start labor when my waters started to trickle, helped advise when to go to the hospital to get there safely but not too early, and supported my successful VBAC through positioning, advising when to get in the birthing tub not to stall, etc.  Before I even knew I had a need she was there supporting it.  Our hospital bathroom was adorned with lights and essential oils, a true laboring cave. When I thought I couldn't go on I was so tired, she advised an alternative to epidural that ultimately helped support my natural delivery. The beautiful pictures I have of myself laboring, and with my new little family after delivery - I would pay double her fee to enjoy her support again! I can't say enough good about Liz - if you're looking for doula support, you really can't go wrong with this one! Thank you Liz for supporting birthing women in our community!


Laura and Erin2/8/2021Liz is a phenomenal doula and our family looks forward to working with her again should we have another child while living in Albany. In our prenatal visits, she helped us understand our options and create a birth plan in a very non-judgmental way, and had many great suggestions for resources to meet our needs as they came up (pelvic floor physical therapists, belly bands, prenatal yoga classes, childbirth education classes, etc.). When it came to the birth experience, I had many unexpected health complications that derailed most of our birth plan. However, she calmly helped us think through the decisions during labor that we still had control over, and advocated on our behalf when we made those decisions. I wanted to labor/push without pain medication, and I was able to successfully do that - and I give Liz a lot of credit for that. Even though my mobility was more limited than planned, she gave me a lot of ideas for laboring positions based on how I was feeling and where I was in terms of labor progress. Even though we had done a lot of prep beforehand, we would have felt so much more lost without her. She kept a great written record of what happened (amazing how much of the process you forget postpartum) and took beautiful photos that we will cherish forever. Overall, from the prenatal through the postpartum period, she went above and beyond in terms of her communication - always responding immediately to our questions and checking up on us frequently. We felt so well taken care of and supported - I cannot recommend her enough!


Leah1/15/2021Hiring Liz for the birth of my son was quite possibly the best decision I have ever made. As a mom attempting vaginal delivery after cesarean, I was a needy client, and Liz delivered. She was there reassuring me to have faith in my body every step of the way, but was also a realist about the potential for cesarean and she was such a perfect person to support that mental journey. During the actual delivery she was invaluable in helping me to advocate for myself, in using the tools available to me, with birth photography, just the whole nine. I would be happy to talk to anyone on the fence about hiring any doula, but especially this one. I couldn't have done it without her and I can't wait to hire her with our next! 


Crystal Bentley9/30/2020I can't even begin to express  how much it meant to myself and my husband to have Liz at our birth. I truly believe she was a huge factor in achieving my VBAC. I was able to meet and hire Liz right before Covid-19 had wreaked havoc on all our lives, so unfortunately  we had to have virtual meetings  for the majority of my pregnancy. She did amazing  at adapting to the new situation. She was super informative during pregnancy and helped talk me through any situation that arose, and was available to talk whenever I needed her. She introduced me to a wonderful VBAC community online. Liz also helped me come up with any questions I should be asking at my doctor appointments.I had an induction, and my husband was keeping her updated on how I was doing, my husband began to tell her it may be time for her to come, she had told him she was already  on her way! She knew  exactly  when to come and arrived right when I needed her! She was a perfect source I needed to keep me calm and grounded. My husband and  Liz worked together as a perfect team to support  me and I can't imagine it any other way.  I would highly recommend Liz to anyone looking for support. From day one of meeting Liz she has continued to  further educate herself so she can truly support  any birthing  person, her commitment is truly incredible and inspiring! My husband had told me she helped way more than he was anticipating  and was glad  we hired her.If we have another baby, she seriously will be the first one I reach out to! Highly highly recommend!!  


Cortnee Whipple7/28/2020I highly recommend Elizabeth Addeo as a doula and birth partner. From day one she was available to talk and prepare me for my second birth. This was my come back birth! The one where you already know what to expect but you are expecting it to go smoother. That is exactly what happened but it would not have without Liz. I can't say enough how much Liz helped. During part of my labor, mostly the pushing phase, I took a mental snapshot and my favorite music was already on a playlist, dim calm light and essential oils (per my request) were in the air! I actually smiled and laughed during my labor. Liz is a wealth of knowledge and can prepare you for YOUR birth.  She is a wonderful advocate and is well trained in many birth situations! 


Marisa O’Toole2/23/2020I was about 7 1/2 months pregnant when my husband and I met with Liz. I had recently lost my mother when I decided to reach out to Liz about providing emotional support during the remainder of my pregnancy and labor and delivery. My husband and I were looking for someone who could answer the simplest, sometimes confusing or just strange questions along the way. We felt confident in her research-based knowledge, with her own personal experience peppered in.I truly believe Liz came into my life at just the right time. She has a bright energy about her and a calming demeanor. Whenever I felt overwhelmed, she provided steady guidance. She encouraged me to be proud of my birth plan and fully supported me in each decision. During my labor, my husband was very thankful she was there every step of the way. It allowed him to focus on me while taking slight direction from Liz when needed.My son recently turned six months old and she is still there for me as a resource and, more importantly, as a friend.


Meg Clark10/15/2019From Our first meeting with Liz I knew she was the right person. She had a great positive energy. I wasn’t feeling great about my Obgyn, so to have someone in my corner and being as supportive as Liz was a relief. She assured my husband and I she was only a phone call away, making him feel just as apart Of it all. She was great about following up after Dr. apts and genuinely asked for updates as time got closer. As soon as I called Liz to tell her our baby girl was on the way I felt at ease. Liz not only reassured us everything was okay but her excitment was contagious. It was happening, there was going to be a baby! About 3 AM, it was show time. I called Liz and she was on her way! I don’t think my husband and I would have made it through the next 12 hours with out her. Liz never skipped a beat. Holding my hand coaching us along and being a solid supportive energy in a room full of nurses who were quite the opposite. Things went sideways, It was intense and scary but Liz was right there when we needed assurance of what was the best option for baby and I. finally baby Made her debut. Liz stayed long enough to make sure we were comfortable but still giving us our space to enjoy being together as a new family.  Just when we thought it was happily ever after, I was having complications from labor. Liz still was our support, checking in regularly, suggesting chiropractors, dr’s, giving her professional and personal input on what might help. She went above and beyond what we had imagined. I don’t think I could say enough about everything she has done for us. I had to cut Out half of my digital post to fit! We are so glad we came across her on the doula network and can honestly say she is now more that just our doula. We hope she knows she will forever be apart of our family. We just hope by the time we decide to have another child she will still be an active doula because we couldn’t imagine doing it without her. 


Derek B7/10/2019So many times in conversation my wife and I tell each other how happy we made the decision to hire a doula, and we're especially happy that we have Liz working with us. Before our pregnancy I had no idea what a doula was. But now I can't imagine going through a pregnancy without such an incredible resource. From our first meeting we were completely comfortable with Liz, and she has been an excellent support for my wife and I leading up to this point. My wife is due in two days from now, and as I wait for the call I'm happy to express my gratitude for the peace of mind that I have knowing the care and support we will have during this most exciting time of our lives.


Carolina Villa-Gallo3/2/2019I had a very lovely experience with Liz. I heard about her from my husbands cousin that had just worked with her in October.I never really thought I’d hire a doula but after hearing such great things from our cousin and his wife we decided to give Liz a call. During our first meeting together I immediately felt comfortable around Liz. I had many questions all of which she answered very thoroughly. It also gave me some comfort in knowing she has three children of her own so she was able to share from her own birth experiences. I left the meeting knowing I was going to continue working with her throughout my pregnancy and labor. Liz always scheduled meetings that worked for Our schedules so she was very flexible. She also made it very clear that as we got closer to our delivery date she would 100% be available to us at all times. Closer to our due date she even provided us with her husbands information and a backup doula in case any unforeseen event came up where we couldn’t reach her right away. On the big day, Liz arrived very shortly after we got to the hospital and came totally prepared. She helped comfort me in any way possible and was my voice when I was having contractions. She was very well prepared with what we had in mind and wanted for this delivery and she advocated for us the entire way through. She knew exactly when to step in to provide support and when to just sit back and watch me do my thing.  I would absolutely recommend Liz to any of my friends and family. She truly was there for my husband and me 


Natalie Boivin11/13/2018Liz is the best doula I could have asked for. While I was still pregnant, she was available whenever I needed her for questions. We met to to put together my birth plan, which was immensely helpful. She knew exactly what questions to ask me so that I would be prepared for virtually any situation that could have arisen in the delivery room.Once I began labor, she was absolutely indispensable. To this day, I still don't know how she did it because Liz seemed to know what I wanted and needed before I even did! She was a constant source of reassurance and calm that helped both me and my husband. As a first time mom, I expected to have a lengthy labor. But with Liz's support, I only labored for 9 hours. Only 6 of those hours were in the hospital and I only pushed for 10 or 15 minutes! Not only did I have a relatively short labor, but it was everything I wanted and I owe that to Liz! She not only helped me, but also helped my husband. She coached him to give me exactly what I required. It gave him the confidence he needed to be a wonderful birth partner for me.I can't imagine having gone through the amazing experience of the birth of my first child without her. I sincerely hope she is able to be there for me for any future children I have.Thank you from the bottom of my heart, Liz!!