DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
9 TESTIMONIALS

Elyse Pitock

Elyse the Doula

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens

https://www.elysethedoula.com/

Birth Fee

$2000

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $50

CONTACT ELYSE VIEW ELYSE'S AVAILABILITY

Heather Klein8/7/2023I can't thank Elyse and Shelby more for all of their support. It's crazy, they didn't actually make it to my birth; I had an emergency C-section 8 hours after induction. I appreciated their prenatal support; we reviewed my birth plan (even though nothing went to plan), what to bring to the hospital, and addressed other worries. When I started having prelabor symptoms, I was relieved I could text them. They reassured me it wasn't the real thing yet, and offered coping techniques. My doctor began pressuring us to induce at 37 weeks, and they both validated our decision to not induce unless medically necessary or I was past my due date. We held off scheduling the induction until I was 40+6.My son's birth and cicumstances were difficult and traumatic. My father-in-law was hospitalized 8 days before and died 2 weeks later. Having Elyse there to listen at postpartum visits was invaluable; she baked zucchini bread at one visit; sounds like a little thing but meant a lot as the unused veggies were taking up my mental space.She also taught me how to use the Solly wrap. It took my postpartum brain a while to master, but is helping me to get my son to nap and give me some mental breaks during the day. In fact that is how I am able to be writing this testimonial right now.I also experienced difficulty with breastfeeding as a result of C-section recovery and grief. Our country's healthcare system is the worst in connecting you with breastfeeding resources; Elyse helpeed me measure myself for pump phalanges, and navigate getting connected with a lactation consultant. Although iit is still challenging, we have come a long way and I have someone to reach out to with questions and to make sure I keep my supply up and can stay committed to breastfeeding. Even though we didn't go through Sam's actual birth together, I feel that Elyse and Shelby were an integral part, and would recommend them to anyone looking for birth doulas.


Kelsey I5/29/2023Elyse and Shelby were both wonderful to work with! They were referred to me by my sister.  We had a few in person consultations and they were great at answering all of our detailed questions and taking note of our birth preferences. They were always on time, professional, yet warm and personable.Elyse was present for the birth of my son, and was an invaluable resource during the final few weeks of doctors visits and as I went into early labor. It was so helpful to have someone advise when it made sense to go to the hospital since labor normally progresses at night when you’re only able to reach a doctor on call.During labor, Elyse was attentive and proactive on discussing positions that would alleviate discomfort. I had an epidural but I also had previous hip injury, so Elyse helped with the pain management and mitigation. She worked well with the nurses and doctors, and also helped relieve my husband so he could stay well rested and ready for delivery and post care.Highly recommend both Elyse and Shelby for anyone seeking a doula!


Kelsey I5/28/2023Elyse and Shelby were both wonderful to work with! They were referred to me by my sister.  We had a few in person consultations and they were great at answering all of our detailed questions and taking note of our birth preferences. They were always on time, professional, yet warm and personable.Elyse was present for the birth of my son, and was an invaluable resource during the final few weeks of doctors visits and as I went into early labor. It was so helpful to have someone advise when it made sense to go to the hospital since labor normally progresses at night when you’re only able to reach a doctor on call.During labor, Elyse was attentive and proactive on discussing positions that would alleviate discomfort. I had an epidural but I also had previous hip injury, so Elyse helped with the pain management and mitigation. She worked well with the nurses and doctors, and also helped relieve my husband so he could stay well rested and ready for delivery and post care.Highly recommend both Elyse and Shelby for anyone seeking a doula!


Taylor Jo4/30/2023I could not more highly recommend Elyse. I had a LONG labor at 24+ hours that resulted in a c-section and Elyse was a stready hand and informed presence through the entire experience. She was extremely responsive to my preferences and engaged thoughtfully where I had anxieties and concerns. She kept us distracted with great conversation during the long hours (very important for my husband) and was a trusted sounding board at the various decision points. She also gives fantastic massages, which ended up being a major comfort to me through the process. I'm extremely grateful for her expertise, kindness, and support. You won't regret having her on your team. 


Elissa Chun12/10/2022Elyse‘s calm and reassuring presence made her an essential member of my birthing support team. She is grounded in current data informed practices and shared different options and resources based on my preferences. She fully supported and helped me advocate my choices to the medical staff at the hospital of allowing me to be mobile during labor, getting an epidural in a timely manner, answering any questions I had, and reassuring me when there were hiccups. My labor and delivery was a little different than how I had anticipated but at no moment did I feel too overwhelmed or upset by how things were going. This was due to the support I felt from Elyse. She was there when I needed her and my partner and I are so grateful she was with us during this amazingly intense and immense moment of our lives.


Chelsea Garbell10/3/2022I was so thrilled to have Elyse as my doula. We connected on a personal level right away, and she was great about staying in touch and checking in leading up to birth. At the hospital she was just the kind of calm support needed with snacks, massage, encouragement, and deep care. I highly recommend her! 


Elizabeth9/19/2022Elyse was instrumental making me feel both more informed and less apprehensive about the labor, delivery, and postpartum phases of my pregnancy. She addressed my concerns and made me feel reassured and well educated about what to expect, and what could happen. She was incredibly supportive during my time in the hospital, offering tools and resources to ease labor and to prepare me for delivery. She also provided excellent reading materials to address questions I had, and referrals for my aftercare.


Arina7/26/2022We were very lucky with the doula. Elyse is very experienced and well prepared. She gave me good advices during pregnancy and helped me a lot during childbirth. Elyse was easy to communicate with and always ready to answer my questions, always reassured me about any worries. My family is very grateful to her.  


KvE7/11/2022I was very please with my experience with Elyse. We connected towards the end of my pregnancy, she was quick to get me ready for birth. She was attentive, caring and very helpful with many elemets of birth and postpardum that were all new to me. She is knowledgable and easy to be with. I learned a lot with her and felt secure in her care and guidance. Often birth does not go as planned and Elyse helped navigate changes as they quickly came up. I am very grateful I chose her, ultimately. Thank you Elyse!