DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
20 TESTIMONIALS

Emily Harding, LMT, CLC, CD, PCD, CBE, NCS

Harding Hatchlings, LLC

Peekskill, NY  Service range 15 miles  No ferries. Westchester based births + Danbury Birth Center only.

https://hardinghatchlings.com

Birth Fee

$1100 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$65

VIEW EMILY'S AVAILABILITY

Kristin7/18/2022Emily was a wonderful resource for us for the birth of our second child. I was induced (6 days past due date) and chose to stay in touch with Emily via text message as we anticipated a long wait. She helped me advocate for myself when my IV needed to be re-placed, and offered great support to both my partner and me. When I made the decision to have a cesarean section, the doctor originally told us it would be about an hour and a half, and then suddenly changed his schedule so he'd be operating very soon. Emily hopped in her car and drove like mad so that she could accompany me in the OR. She arrived in the nick of time and immediately helped me to calm down, laugh, and relax (I'd worked myself into a very fearful state). She took great photos of our just-born baby, and held him near me so I could nuzzle him while they finished the surgery. She also kept my partner in the loop from the OR. Emily was an amazing help to me - I'm so very glad we found her and that she was available for our birth!


JJ Liang6/24/2021Where do I begin? The unanimous sentiment from my family for Emily after the delivery was that "she is an angel," and I would highly recommend her to anyone that is thinking of hiring a doula for their birth! I had interviewed 10 doulas in my search and made my final decision based on the doula's experience, dedication to clients (number of clients per month) and most importantly, my personal gut feeling on my connection with the doula. When I talked to Emily, she seemed easy-going, experienced, confident, professional, and friendly. She seemed like someone that could get things done while honoring the emotional and spiritual. Once I engaged her service, she always responded to my questions quickly and with valuable information, even the silly questions. This made me feel comfortable to share more with her and talk openly about my pregnancy and delivery expectations. As a first time mom, there were also lots of concepts relating to birth that I was not familiar with, Emily was so patient to explain to me these topics without making me feel like I was ignorant on these issues - she made me feel informed and confident! On the day of my delivery, she was a coach, a friend, a guide, a teacher, a cheerleader, and someone I would say that would have been me if I wasn't laboring and delivering. She knew my birth preferences and was able to help me stay on track of my plan. She did not take my voice away in the delivery room when communicating with the doctors and nurses, but she stayed by my side, like an angel on my shoulder, reminding me of my strength and abilities to stick to my birth plan and advocate for myself. She also supported my husband in the process by giving him tips on supporting me and being engaged through the process. There really are no other words to describe Emily other than that she's the angel any woman delivering a baby would want by their side. Thank you, Emily, for helping me have the birth of my dreams!!!


Joy Cavallaro-Stramaglia6/22/2021I cannot sing Emily's praises enough.  From our very first meeting, I knew Emily was the perfect doula for me.  We instantly clicked.  I was only a few months into my pregnancy, so Emily and I had plenty of time to get to know one another - and she became more than just a doula.  She became my friend.  From the get-go, Emily was professional, kind, caring, and truly interested in me.  She worked tirelessly to understand me, my pregnancy experience, and my hoped-for birth plan.  There was no question too big or too small.  Nothing was too silly or off limits.  She was always there to answer any and all of my questions (and I ask a lot of questions!), without ever making me feel like I was being a burden.  I felt so comfortable and at ease knowing I would have her in my corner when it came time to give birth - that she knew what I was hoping for with my birthing experience and that she would be there to cheer me on, encourage me, and help keep me calm.  On the day of my son's birth, she held my hand and was the calming and supportive force that I needed.  Having her there with me felt so natural and right.  There are no words to express how grateful I am to have had Emily there by my side through so much of my pregnancy and the birth of my son.  She's truly a spectacular human being and an incredible doula and friend.


Jessica3/22/2021I would highly recommend working with Emily as a birth doula. She provided me a ton of support both before, during, and after my birth. She was always available via text or phone call, and made an effort to get back to me right away whenever I reached out. What I liked most about Emily was that she supported and was open to anything that felt right for me during my birth. I never felt judged by her for any decisions I made throughout the process. She was helpful, supprotive, down to earth, and provided comic relief to both my partner and I when we needed it. She is extremely knowledgable about all things pre and postnatal, as well as of course labor and delivery. She consistently provided me evidence-based information to help guide my decision making, but again was open and supprotive to any of the choices I made along the way. 


Coree1/10/2021My husband and I were pregnant with our first child and I was seeing Emily for prenatal massages (magical!). I quickly came to like her and her practices, I would learn so much about pregnancy, etc. just in the massage sessions. I know we needed support through the pregnancy so we asked her to be our doula and it was the best decision we made throughout pregnancy and would absolutely use Emily for our next child too. Her doula package was set up well to support before, during, and after pregnancy. I loved all of the tricks she had up her sleeve for laboring at home. She supported every decision I made and never pressured me to do anything, but was always able to educate us if we were unsure about something. She also has the best referrals... I was new to the area but now I have a huge care/support team!! She is the best!!!


Britany10/26/2020Emily Was instrumental in my postpartum recovery. She helped us through latch issues, tongue ties and lip ties, but got us to the point of having ease and confidence with breastfeeding. She is a wealth of knowledge and adapt to your parenting style. Everything was tailored to what works for us and our family. Highly recommend her services!


Britany10/26/2020Emily Was instrumental in my postpartum recovery. She helped us through latch issues, tongue ties and lip ties, but got us to the point of having ease and confidence with breastfeeding. She is a wealth of knowledge and adapt to your parenting style. Everything was tailored to what works for us and our family. Highly recommend her services!


Laura Kieffer10/26/2020If you are debating hiring Emily for massage or as a doula, stop debating and hire her!!I originally met her for prenatal massage. She is fantastic and I've had massages by ~10 people in the past. She listens to the pressure you want and finds knots without you having to tell her where they all are...and I always have a lot.As far as a doula, as a first time mom trying to navigate everything, especially  during a pandemic, she was invaluable. She helped me with things I didn't even know I needed help with and was always there as support via text or phone while navigating some pregnancy complications. As soon as I called, she was there by my side during labor and helped me get through an induction. Her support and guidance continued after we got home to navigate the world of breastfeeding and motherhood of a tiny tot of 5lb 9oz. She really went above and beyond. We can't thank her enough for all her she did for us and our little one!  


Melanie Frazza10/26/2020Emily Harding was my doula for the birth of my daughter, Rosalia. Being that it was my first experience being pregnant and giving birth, I was REALLY nervous something would go wrong. I was also very concerned about consent during labor and delivery procedures and feeling respected by medical staff. Emily was such an informative, caring, supporting presence leading up birth, during labor and delivery, and in postpartum. During my labor, Emily helped create a safe, joyful ambiance that absolutely helped ground me and empower me. It was so much more than fairy lights and diffuser, though those were super nice things that genuinely added value for me - it was knowing she had my back and was there just for me. We sang Whitney Houston together, with my partner and Emily supporting me while I was pushing. Emily's sincere encouragement really motivated me to keep up the energy and momentum and also helped provide calm and confidence for my partner. As it became clear that I would need a procedure I did not initially want, I asked Emily's advice and she gently but efficiently helped me make that decision. In postpartum, Emily was continuously supportive and has gone above and beyond to truly be a valuable resource to me and my family. I'm so grateful to Emily and definitely recommend her to other expecting parents! 


elizabeth perlman9/20/2020The doula support Emily provided to us was amazing, and I highly recommend her to support you on your labor journey. Prior to labor, we met with Emily to  understand our expectations.  Emily has a non-judgmental attitude.  She provides information so you can evaluate what the right decision is for you.  Emily makes you feel empowered to make decisions. Emily has a wealth of information to share.  We wanted to take an infant CPR class, and a childbirth Ed class, and Emily had recommendations.  I wanted to take prenatal yoga, and Emily had a recommendation. When I wanted a prenatal massage, she was a license prenatal massage therapist.  All of her recommendations were fantastic. During our on-call time, Emily checked-in without being overwhelming.  She checked-in on doctor’s appointments and any questions that came up as a result of them. Emily prepared a set of birth hypnosis recordings, which I really enjoyed.  It was time I set aside to help me mentally prepare for labor & delivery. When I let Emily know labor started, she stayed in constant communication to track my progress.  She gave me ideas on how to manage the early labor, and as it got more intense, we agreed on when she would join us to continue to support us in person.  Emily joined us and we headed to the hospital, where she was critical in my labor support.  She was there to provide physical and emotional support.  When I needed pressure on my back during contractions, she was there.  When I felt like I couldn’t keep going, she encouraged me.  When I was having trouble managing the pain, she was a clear and confident voice urging me forward and reminding me of my strength.During the post-partum period, Emily was very accessible when I had questions or concerns.  Overall, Emily was invaluable to my husband and I. 


Alexa Adrian7/10/2019From the first phone call with Emily, I knew she was the right Doula match. From then on any questions I had she answered right away. She’d also send me a text, asking how I was doing. She truly felt like a friend. When it was time to write my birth plan, she supported everything I wanted and gave great advice on what to add. When the big day came, and my water broke at 1am, she answered almost immediately and if it wasn’t for her, I would of went to the hospital way too soon and been in unnecessary pain for longer. Once we were at the hospital and those lovely contractions started, Emily had tons of techniques to help manage the pain and with her encouraging words and gentle touch she helped us welcome our little girl. 


Sara D.6/18/2019I would highly recommend Emily as a birth doula! I'm a first time mom with no family nearby, and it was so helpful to be able to text Emily with any questions knowing I'd get an immediate and knowlegeable response. During labor and delivery she was the calming, friendly and supportive presence that I needed. Her partner, Ashleigh, was also excellent. So thankful I found them.


Laura Caputo1/9/2019Emily is always accessible and extremely knowledgable. Her work ethic and professionalism are only exceeded by her fabulous prenatal massage skills. She will always answer you with compassion and warmth. Emily is energetic and fun to be around. She makes the birth journey easier to navigate and just more positive. I highly recommend her services both as a doula and a masseuse.


Loreen Acevedo11/30/2018Emily is amazing, she is such a talented massage therapist- I saw her both prenatal and post partum in my home! So worth it to have that moment of relaxation since having a newborn is so anxiety provoking! Furthermore, she provided me with lactation counseling and she was incredible! She is very knowledgeable and all of the recommendations and methods she showed me to optimize breast feeding worked! I’m so grateful to have her, she’s made me feel better both physically and mentally. Her demeanor is soothing and realistic, and she works with you to see what will be your best personalized outcome - I couldn’t ask for better support, she’s so responsive and I’m indebted to her!


Kristin Mayer11/5/2018Emily is a great doula with the added talent of massage therapy.She is caring, positive, fun, sweet, organized, always on time and very helpful.Our little girl loved her. She was wonderful and we highly recommend her.


Dahlia Warner9/9/2018We loved working with Emily! She was a fantastic help with adjusting after a tough delivery of our first child. We immediately felt comfortable and supported in her gentle nature and helpful knowledge. Emily is incredibly intuitive and was able to support in many ways including mother’s healing, household help, breastfeeding and pumping, research and baby product education, as well as checking in and encouragement. We would absolutely recommend her!


Leslie R8/30/2018Emily was a doula for my daughter for close to four months earlier this year and I offer my strongest and most unequivocal recommendation on her behalf.Emily is everything new parents could want in a post-partum doula: kind, understanding, patient, empathetic, and knowledgeable. Additionally, she was continually educating herself on the newest learnings so as to improve her “tool kit” of skills. That said, Emily never forced or imposed her own views or beliefs onto my family; rather, she used them to augment and supplement my parenting style.Emily fit seamlessly into my household, which is quite fast-paced. She understood how to be in the home without being intrusive and is simply a pleasure to be around in every way. Additionally, Emily is truly passionate about doula work and has all the character traits to be truly successful at it for many years to come.


Allison Schulte3/17/2018I had a wonderful pre-natal massage with Emily! She was knowledgeable and friendly - and really helped me work through some chronic muscle pain that is of course more complicated now. Thank you!!


Hannah Kibbe2/27/2018Not only did Emily have an answer to all of my questions, she was comforting, patient, and understanding. If it wasn’t for her, I would have given up with breastfeeding and would have had a much more difficult time adapting to being a new mom!


Abbey Kumar1/29/2018Emily worked with our twin infants for approximately 3 months. Over the course of that time, we really enjoyed having her with us. Emily is always punctual, has a warm energy, and was very sweet and nurturing with our babies. In addition to her Doula qualifications, Emily is also a lactation consultant and a massage therapist. She’s got a variety of skills to offer that are very helpful and necessary for any post partum mama. We would definitely recommend Emily to other families.