DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
16 TESTIMONIALS

Jaime Burt

Intuition Doula Services

Port Washington, NY  Service range 40 miles

857-526-6085

http://intuitiondoulaservices.com

Birth Fee

$1600 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $45

CONTACT JAIME VIEW JAIME'S AVAILABILITY

Nancy6/21/2023My husband and I hired Jaime to support the arrival of our first child.Although I was previously on the fence on whether or not having a doula support my labor and delivery would be helpful, I am so glad that Jaime was with us every step of the way during one of the most intense moments of our lives.Her empathy, compassion, expertise, and non-judgmental support were instrumental to helping us navigate this overwhelming world of becoming new parents.Highly recommended.


Danielle3/27/2023I can’t say enough about our experience working with Jaime as our doula. She was integral in helping my husband and I achieve the natural unmedicated birth we were seeking. I felt so comfortable with Jaime after just our first phone conversation and I could tell that she was passionate about birth and supporting women in whatever way they needed. Jamie helped my husband and I prepare for our ideal birth while also helping us to keep an open mind and prepare for the unexpected. She gave us a variety of tools that we ended up utilizing during my labor, everything from breathing techniques to position changes and affirmation cards.  She was always reachable any time of day and would touch base with me after each one of my prenatal appointments, some of which left me feeling overwhelmed and a bit discouraged. Jaime was there for me when I needed her most and always offered me sound advice while encouraging me to trust my own instincts. I ended up having a precipitous labor and despite having somewhat short notice, Jaime rushed to the hospital to be present for my birth! She expertly guided me through the pushing phase and third stage of labor. She knew exactly what to say to help me relax and advocated for me every step of the way. Everything was happening so quickly, the hospital staff were working swiftly but Jamie did such an amazing job at slowing things down to make sure that I was comfortable and in control at all times. She never spoke on my behalf but made sure my voice was heard amidst the somewhat chaotic scene. It was such a relief to my husband to have Jamie there because her presence was so calming. She also connected me with so many invaluable postpartum resources including lactation consultants and acupuncturists. I am so thankful to Jaime for everything that she did to help me navigate this truly life-changing experience. 


Erin1/26/2023From the first video call we had with Jaime, through the unexpected challenges of labor, she continued to bring care, data, kindness, humor, and patience to every interaction and conversation. Jaime’s demeanor put my husband and I at ease right away. She is sincere in her care for the families and people she works with, and made clear to us that her role was to respect and support our decisions, and hopefully help make them easier however she could. For me, a couple of highlights of working with Jaime as our birth doula were: her taking literally hours to make sure we had all the information we needed for her to map out our birth preferences; when she went out post birth and brought Shake Shack to our hospital room (incredible); and how mindful she was of both my partner’s and my mental health once we’d been home with the baby for a few days. Jaime’s approach centers the health and humanity of her clients. We were fortunate to connect with Jaime and to benefit from her support through the birth of our son.


Bridget O'Brien1/17/2023My partner, Brendan, and I hired Jaime as our doula before the birth of my first daughter, in 2021. What I most liked about Jaime was her communication style: she was able to be direct while remaining calm, and had a soothing style of speaking. I could also tell she was really knowledgable and well-informed on the entire process of birth. All of that was reassuring to me as a first-time pregnant lady/mom. I was extremely hopeful that I would have a vaginal birth, but due to our baby's size (and stubborness from my OB), I was convinved (forced?) to have a c-section. I am still disappointed about that, one year on, but it's something I choose not to dwell on. Being late 2021, COVID was still lingering, so Jaime was not allowed into the OR with me. She did come to the delivery suite and chatted with Brendan and I for nearly 3 hours while we waited to go into the OR - something I found pleasently distracting and helpful in the moment, but have even more fondness of now;  looking back, I can better appreciate what a nice distraction it was to have her there, and she asked the nurses some great questions that I wouldn't have thought to. So while my vision for how Jaime and I would work together never came to fruition, I hope this message conveys my satisfaction and happiness with Jaime's services. Her reliable, communicative, gentle-yet-firm approach to pregnancy and birth really helped me in my journey. I would highly recommend her! 


Olivia11/28/2022I highly recommend Jaime Burt as a doula!  She was incredibly helpful, knowledgeable, and supportive throughout the entire process of my pregnancy, delivery, and post-partum experience.  Jaime was also highly in tune with needs that were specific to me and advocated on my behalf mutliple times throughout the labor experience.  She also asked several useful questions of the medical team that I wouldn't have thought of myself.  It truly felt like I had an expert in my corner.  As a person, Jaime is personable, kind, and easy going.  I felt as though there was never any judgement from her regarding my preferences or choices, only support.  Her sense of humor was also helpful along the way!  Having her on my team during this beautiful, yet stressful and anxiety-provoking experience was a tremendous asset.  My birth experience would not have been as smooth as it was without her and I am so grateful to have had her there.  If you are considering working with a doula, you can't go wrong with Jaime!! 


Arianne P10/24/2022Jaime is a caring, calm, and genuinely kind presence. I was so grateful to have her care for me and my newborn boy for several week of nights. She was there the first night we came home from the hospital and not only helped me get a bit more rest but also helped around the house to set us up for success the next day.  She made us instantly comfortable and was wonderful the entire time she worked with us.  Thank you Jaime!


Danielle2/19/2022From the moment I spoke with jaime on the phone for our first initial call I knew she was the doula for me. She was informative and very well spoken and most importantly made me feel comfortable and supported. I had twins back in November and from day one of joining our family she fit right in. She was so helpful with my post pardum care and helped immensely with the children. She was also very flexible as I was readmitted to the hospital just three days after being home. As I was hospitalized for 48 hours she was able to stay overnight and support our families who were trying to take care of two 1 week old babies. Jaime is professional, punctual, intelligent, helpful and supportive and you would be lucky to have her as your doula. 


Emily Kellner2/5/2022I took Jamie's hospital birth class. Not only was she accommodating, she was so kind and very informative. My husband and I loved the course and gained a lot of new knowledge. The class was very organized and well put together. As first a first time parent I was overwhelmed with what I should and shouldn’t be doing, I came away with important information and questions that we should be asking our provider that I had not thought of. She was able to provide me with other resources as well to help me in other aspects of birth. I highly recommend Jamie and her course and I look forward to working with her in the future.


Lauren Slowik1/26/2022My husband and I were expecting our first child in October of 2021. We knew we wanted a doula for both the birthing process at a hospital and for some help at home afterwards. We connected with Jaime right away and fortunately signed on with her support. All of Jaime's help with birthing plan preparation came in handy as we welcomed our son two weeks early. Jaime was gracious and communicative during the early induced labor, offering tips and pointing out decision points. She was more importantly an incredibly supportive coach during active labor. Her support post partum was essential to getting a breather during those intense early weeks. As our doula I witnessesd Jaime never stop moving or searching for big and small ways to support a new momma at home. We consider her a part of little Jack's family now.


Claire Dubon11/4/2021Jaime Burt was such an amazing resource during my pregnancy and labor experience! She was knowledgeable, attentive, and compassionate to me and my husband from the moment we met with her. Jaime was able to provide us with resources and learning opportunities to prepare for labor. She worked with us closely so that we were able to make informed decisions about our birth process. She is a great listener and worked with us closely so that we felt heard by others as well. We were so grateful to have Jaime with us every step of the way. She was a huge comfort to us during labor and throughout the postpartum period as well. Jaime was invaluable to me as a new mother healing from childbirth and I am so grateful that we had her on our team! I would highly recommend her to any expecting family!  


Kristen10/26/2021We had a very positive experience working with Jaime. We worked with her in an overnight doula capacity for about 2 months. Jaime was incredibly responsive to our son;  making sure he was fed, changed and sleeping well - and she somehow managed to do it without ever waking us up!  She always chatted with us about his latest developments and our preferences which gave us peace of mind.In addition to being great with our son, Jaime was easy to work with. She's very responsive, on time and a great communicator. Jaime very clearly loves what she does and I wouldn't hesitate to work with her again. 


Maja Misheva10/24/2021We had an amazing experience with Jaime, she was so carrying and loving towards my newborn, I was at ease right away. She helped me feel so much more confident, especially during those first few weeks. She was always on time, and very flexible with our schedule. Super supportive and kind. We are super grateful for her being there for us. 


Adelina Petrea8/12/2021Jaime was with us for two days when our baby was a few weeks old. We were exhausted and overwhelmed as we are first time parents. Jaime came in and my baby immediately calmed down with her. She was there for me, my husband and our baby, both physically and emotionally. Jaime is so loving and compassionate, we could tell from the moment she walked in. She listened and offered expert advice, and was very respectful. She held our baby so we could have some much needed sleep, she helped us with laundry and even picked up food for us. She also made sure to check in on me after she left, really sweet and caring.If you need a doula that is professional, caring, respectful,  amazing with babies and a great listener, I highly recommend Jaime!


Andrea Shafran8/9/2021Jaime worked with our family for a little over a month directly after I came home with my newborn and my only complaint is that she moved and couldn't stay longer! She was extremely professional and prompt. She was also very helpful and supportive of whatever worked best for me and my family. She was a great communicator and very flexible. I could not have asked for a more caring, kind or professional doula. Anyone who hires Jaime is lucky to have her!


Ruth8/2/2021As a single, first-time mom, the support Jaime provided was invaluable.  Her help during my post-partum period allowed me to focus on bonding with my baby and my recovery.  Jaime is warm, thoughtful, respectful and knowledgeable. Jaime was easy to have in my house with us;  she provided insights and advice while simultaneously prioritzing my preferences.  Jaime is very good at what she does and it is obvious she is passionate about her work.  I recommend her without hesitation and am soo grateful for her help in getting my baby and I off to a great start together.    


Kerry1/4/2021I hired Jamie as a postpartum night doula. I cannot recommend Jamie enough! She is patient, caring, knowledgeable, self-directed, clearly loves kids of all ages and is passionate about helping moms. I was physically incapacitated after a c-section. I had piece of mind that Jamie could help me be present for my baby, and could be another set of eyes and ears to tend to him during the critical first few weeks after birth. I would have hired her full time if our schedules aligned, and certainly would hire her again. I cannot recommend her enough!