DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
4 TESTIMONIALS

Jessica Apfel

The Wealthy Apple: Doula + Yoga

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  Will service parts of Queens.

http://www.thewealthyapple.com/

Birth Fee

$2000 to $2800

CONTACT JESSICA VIEW JESSICA'S AVAILABILITY

Sunni10/10/2021If like us, you found the pregnancy and childbirth learning curves overwhelming and peppered with judgment, please do yourself a favor and hire Jessica as your doula.  She is a fount of knowledge, calm, and pragmatism and brings so much warmth, kindness, and organization to support you through the process. From the very first meeting we felt listened to and understood with zero judgment, including when we were undecided on things like pain management. Jessica brought clarity with regular check-ins, lots of helpful recommendations, and when d-day came, she was indispensable helping to identify active labor and when to get to the hospital. She also kept the nervous Lyft driver calm and focused on the road. Our birth was relatively quick and completely spontaneous without any interventions, made possible in large part by Jessica's focus on the breath and steady coaching through the contractions and pushing.  We still consult her postpartum resources today! She's that wonderful and we would not hesitate to work with her again.


Veronica Renee Treviño8/24/2021We were absolutely thrilled with the level of service and support that Jessica provided us. As first time parents, we were nervous about the childbirth and labor experience. We connected immediately at our zoom meeting with her easy-going nature asking us lots of important questions. At our first in-person meeting, Jessica went above and beyond to lead a personal childbirth class, explaining the stages of labor, different pain management techniques and postpartum care as well. We were impressed with her professionalism and all the skills she brought to the labor room. She checked in daily during the last over due week of pregnancy and after my midwife appointments, sending me tips on how to induce naturally. She showed up to the hospital earlier than expected when my contractions became intense. During those painful harrowing hours, Jessica used many of the pain management tools and tricks she brought with her. She fulfilled my request, taking the initiative to be hands-on as she tried various pressure point, massage, and other soothing techniques during my contractions. She worked well with my fiancé. It was a total team effort and her contributions were priceless. During my restful period after the epidural, Jessica remained by our side, passing the time talking with her pleasant personality and helping me change positions in bed. She advocated for me when the time came to discuss the cesarean option, ensuring I was allowed to have my music and skin-to-skin with the baby among other things. At our postpartum meetup, we reviewed the labor, my pregnancy and current postpartum experience with baby home. She brought me delicious homemade lactation energy balls and made us the most beautiful Birth Story that detailed our entire experience at the hospital. We are beyond pleased that we chose to work with Jessica and have her share in welcoming our daughter. 


Stephanie Escalante7/14/2021Jessica was amazing. Although I didn't get the home birth I hoped for because my son decided to arrive 6 weeks earlier. Jessica rushed to the hospital the moment my wife told her I was in labor. She supported me with her calm demeanor helping me focus on my breathing. I've always hated hospitals but she helped me feel safe. Once I gave birth I asked my wife to go with the baby and Jessica stayed with me. She took great care of me, she made sure I was hydrated, cared for and comfortable. Our postpartum follow up visit was everything I hoped for, as a first time mom she answered my questions and gave me lots of tips. Having Jessica by your side is like having a close friend she was everything I could've hoped for in a doula and more. Thank you for your dedication and passion for what you do. It really shows I am so happy we met and I look forward to having you attend my next birth. Hopefully the next one will be a home water birth.


Sarah Van Doren6/6/2021Working with Jessica made my birth and postpartum experience so wonderful. She was exactly what I needed during the birth- a calm and steady presence who encouraged me to keep going and to know that I was taken care of and safe. I couldn't have done it without her! I had severe postpartum anxiety after my first son, and with this pregnancy I wanted to set myself up for success with support. Jessica was my postpartum doula as well, and her weekly visits nourished me on so many different levels. Having her support allowed me to navigate the postpartum period with confidence knowing I was being taken care of and supported so well. Everyone needs a Jessica!!!! Thank you so much for bringing your deep care and support to my family. Thank you. 