DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
13 TESTIMONIALS

Jessica Allen Hayek, CPD, CCCE, CLC

Albany Family Life Center

Albany, NY  Service range 50 miles

518-727-8219

https://albanyfamilylifecenter.org

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2300

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Sara2/14/2019Jessica is a fantastic doula. She helped make our birthing experience really special. She provided great emotional support, but also took care of a lot of logistics. She advocates for you at the hospital, and asks for things you don't even know you need. 


Lauren Hunt1/20/2019I met with Jess and her partner, Christy, and instantly knew that I needed them in my life. I was so right. With their support, I had an amazing pregnancy, a powerful birth (that I would repeat a million times over) and got through a really tough post-partum period.I immediately felt comfortable with Jess - it was as though she was a long time friend. Throughout my pregnancy she helped me work through my fears about childbirth and helped me to believe in the amazing things that my body is capable of. She ensured that I knew all of my options, was a wealth of evidence-based information, and supported me when I decided to change medical providers mid-way through my pregnancy. I had one scary meeting with my care provider and, afterward, I texted Jessica in a semi-panic. She called me immediately, was a calming influence, listened to all of my fears, provided me evidence-based information and helped me formulate a solution.I went into labor early Saturday but, when I hadn't progressed to active labor by mid-day, Jessica was there to suggest positions and tricks to get things moving. When labor finally kicked in, Sunday morning, she met my husband and I at the hospital and knew what I needed before I ever knew myself. There was a moment when doubt started to creep into my mind and it was as though Jessica could read my eyes and, before I said anything, just calmly told me "this is your baby coming to you, you are doing this!" The power of her words, and that moment, stands so strong in my mind as it was what I needed to push through!Jessica was also wonderful throughout the post-partum period. We had a lot of nursing problems and just in general found it to be a very trying time. Again, she was there with the resources (and tons of hugs) to help. There wasn't one call, text, or email that went unanswered. I could go on and on but, suffice to say, Jess is amazing and holds a special place in our family's heart!


Freya Bellin Levow1/9/2019Working with Jessica and her partner was one of the highlights of my 2nd pregnancy/birth/postpartum period. Her genuine caring for me and my family was evident from day 1.  Jess was there for my birth, and she made the experience an amazing one. With her by my side, I felt empowered and in control of my birth experience. She encouraged me to keep going when I thought I couldn't and was an incredible advocate for the things that she knew were important to me. In the first few weeks postpartum, Jess calmed my nerves when I felt overwhelmed and was a great listener.  Jess is so well-connected in our community and throughout our time working together she was able to recommend specialists when I needed them.  I cannot imagine having had a better birth doula.


McKenzie Yezzi1/7/2019I'm so glad I met Jess and had her as a doula during my second pregnancy. Jess really brought a ton of knowledge to the table and was always so steadfast and never freaked out by anything. When I was interested in placenta encapsulation she sent me tons of helpful links, and when I found out I would need antibiotics during birth she sent me even more helpful, science-based links. She never panicked or stressed out. Jess has such a deliberate, calm way about her and is so in control - it made me feel like I could lean on her and trust her completely because she was so on top of everything.I think that people who choose to do doula work have an inate gift and empathy about them, and I feel really grateful to have been touched by this community, even briefly. Hiring doulas was the best decision I ever made and something I recommend to everyone. My doulas helped me have the special, thoughtful pregnancy and birth I was hoping for. It was a life-changing experience.


Kaitlyn M.12/28/2018Jess was the perfect support person for my husband and I during my pregnancy, labor and delivery experience. She and Rose in partnership met with us on the same schedule as my midwives did, with increasing frequency as my due date approached. She was the doula present when I was in the hospital for induction, during my labor, and through my entire C section delivery. She anticipated with care and kindness each step that the doctors and midwives were taking through my very long induction and through what eventually ended up as a cesarean delivery. She was permitted in the operating room and was by my side and my husband's through the entire surgery and through into the recovery room. She had an amazing rapport with the staff at the hospital and with my practictioner's office, and I truly believe that made the entire process as smooth as possible. She was present while I was recovering for 4 days in the hospital, and came to my home once we returned there. She gave me in person support through a very difficult start with breastfeeding, and was available what felt like 24/7 by phone and text the entire time we worked together. She and Rose provided invaluable recommendations for other practitioners for where to turn for more help with breastfeeding and questions during the early days. Jess will forever hold a place in my family's heart and I will never forget the support she provided to us during one of the hardest yet most amazing times in my life.


Camille Giordano12/20/2018I can’t imagine going through labor and delivery without Jess. Hiring her was the single best decision I made in ensuring a great birthing and postpartum experience. Jess helped me relax as much as possible during delivery, suggested different positions, talked my husband through what was going on, and sat with me for like 2 hours after the birth of my daughter while my husband went to get some much needed food. She helped my daughter latch on for the first time and was emotionally available to answer all my questions and concerns. She checked up on me several times in the weeks after birth and offered all kinds of supportive words and advice. Not only does Jess know a ton about birthing, but she’s also just a really kind and easygoing person- she is someone you’d want to have for a friend, which is very important considering the intimacy of what she is helping you with! I can’t say enough good things about her, she was just wonderful.


Ashley Howland12/19/2018Jessica is an angel. I couldn’t have asked for a more knowledgeable, calming, compassionate and supportive team by my side as we welcomed our sweet baby earthside. I was able to rock a VBAC at 41+3. I had to be medically induced and was in labor for 44 hours. It was brutal but beautiful and amazingly empowering! I know that I would not have been successful without this wonderful woman holding my hand every step of the way. My husband was EXTREMELY  anxious during the birth of our first child. So much so that he was physically ill. We both felt much more at ease with Jess there to reassure us throughout labor. I am so so so thankful that we found Jess and we’re able to work with her. I fully intend to calm her when I have another baby! ??


Laura Welch2/1/2016My husband and I took natural childbirth classes with Jess and she was also the doula for the birth of our daughter. She is very knowledgeable, open and kind and was a great source of information and comfort during my preganacy. When it came time to deliver our daughter, she helped my husband take care of all the logistics (parking the car at the hospital, talking with the nurses) so we could just focus on giving birth. She was a supportive and calming presence throughout the entire experience, and both my husband and I felt confident with the knowledge she had given us in our classes and knowing she was there to help. The birth of my daughter went amazingly and I wouldn't change a thing, and I know that a big part of that is due to Jess' support. She is a great choice for a doula, and I will definately choose her again if I have another baby!


Melissa Dawes6/30/2014We used Jess for the birth of our daughter. Jess went above and beyond and exceeded our expectations. During labor and delivery she was an essential part of the team. She was involved and supportive when she needed to be. Jess helped ensure that labor went the way that we wanted. She helped us ask the right questions and explained things to us when the medical staff did not. Jess offered physical and emotional support through difficult moments. I don't know that we could have gotten through the challenge without her!!!  I am truly grateful to have had Jess at our birth!!!


K Ferrazzano12/21/2013What can I say about Jessica? From the first CBE class we took, there was something special about her. She has an amazing attitude, is caring, extraordinarily knowledgeable and really armed us with the knowledge and support to bring our daughter into the world the way we wanted; the way our baby deserved. The passion Jess has for women, birth and motherhood shines through in her work. We were honored to have her at our side for the birth of our daughter.Why you should consider Jessica:1- She home birthed two daughters of her own.2- Is a certified Child Birth Educator and isn't afraid to teach a class to "tell it like it really is"3- She is respectful to birth choices (we had a hospital birth) and will provide the necessary support/knowledge for whatever your situation my bring.4- She is extremely easy to talk to, comforting and a great listener. I never got an "I don't know" answer to a question.5- She is patient when you are not.


Diana Griffin10/9/2013Having Jessica as our doula was a truly awesome experience. She made my pregnancy and labor as relaxing as possible for us. Not only was she there to comfort and assist me with all of my needs but she was a big support for my husband as well. With her knowledge and guidance we became aware of so many choices available to us that we never knew before. I struggled with a lot of anxiety throughout my pregnancy and she genuinely helped put my mind at ease. With her positive influence and guidance we found the perfect people to be involved with the birth of our son and I was able to have the natural birth experience I wanted. I wouldn’t have had it any other way. Jessica was educating, comforting, calming, thoughtful, sweet and so supportive. She is an amazing doula and friend and we couldn’t think of anyone better to help us when the time comes for our 2nd baby. Thank you for being a crucial part of our birth and making it so special for us Jessica.


Theresa Frey-Alexander9/20/2013I had a wonderful experience with Jess. She was warm and attentitive to my needs. In our pre-birth meetings she was intent on getting to know me and helping me prepare emotionally for my birth experience. Her strong belief in the power of a woman's body in concert with her knowledge of the physiological, physical and medical end of birth made her an informed advocate. I felt very safe and confident with her. During the birth of my beautiful little guy, she was there for me when I needed her and gave me space when I didn't. After the birth, she mothered the mother, bringing me wholesome snacks, and fenugreek tea to help with my milk supply. Throughout my experience I knew she was in my corner, and that was invaluable. I couldn't recommend Jess more highly. She's a fantastic doula and an amazing person.


Jaime McIntyre Richardson8/10/2013Jess was an amazing resource during my pregnancy and fairly long labor!  Jess answered our questions and fully supported us leading up to our son's arrival and during my somewhat difficult labor, she pulled out all the tricks to help us get the natural birth we desired.  If we are blessed with another pregnancy, I couldn't imagine going through pregnancy and labor without Jess' support and expertise!