DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
11 TESTIMONIALS

Kadian Simpson

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens

9172076937

Birth Fee

$2000 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$55 to $65

Black Doula

CONTACT KADIAN VIEW KADIAN'S AVAILABILITY

Sarah5/1/2023Kadian was so knowledgeable and professional. She helped us at nighttime and was invaluable -- from helping me with engorgement when we first got home from the hospital all the way to our son nearly sleeping through the night because of her structure and soft suggestion. 


Max12/13/2022I cannot begin to express what a blessing it was to have Kadian supporting us in welcoming our son to the world while getting acclimated to becoming a family of three -- as I shared with her when our time together came to a conclusion, she truly made the month she was with our family one of the best in my life.  I highly recommend her to any family looking for postpartum support and to set their child up for a successful sleep schedule.Before our son was born she provided thoughtful recommendations and resources to make our transition to bringing home a newborn a smooth one and even make accommodations for back-up support in the event it would be needed due to COVID (thankfully it was not).My husband and I went through an out of state surrogacy journey which entailed flying our 2-day old home which was pretty stressful and it provided a great sense of comfort having Kadian there on our first night back home.  During our time together she offered hands-on support and coaching for pace feeding, diapering, helped me to perfect my burping technique, bath time and was beyond nurturing with our son as his overnight caretaker, which allowed us to get some much-needed rest.  She also offered guidance on integrating breast milk + formula into his feeding schedule and even offered to coach our surrogate on pumping.What's more, she helped us to set a nighttime routine for our little one and has a self-soothing system which set him up for a successful overnight schedule.  After the first month he was sleeping in 5-hour windows and has been sleeping 12-hours straight overnight starting at two months, all due to her system.Since we were not physically recovering from birth, we also took the opportunity to have a few date nights out while Kadian was with us which was a treat.Throughout our time together it felt like Kadian was a member of the family and we still keep in touch, she truly is an angel.


Liz9/13/2022I cannot recommend Kadian highly enough. We were fortunate enough to use Kadian as a post partum doula and night nurse and she provided so much comfort to our entire family. She is knowledgeable, professional and prompt but more importantly, her gentle demeanor creates a calming presence you feel the moment she walks in the door. My husband and I were able to get the rest we needed to care for an energetic two year old boy and a newborn and we slept peacefully knowing our daughter was in the best hands. We knew that our daughter was not only being cared for with feedings and changing, but also being closely monitored for different signs of growth and development. Kadian was always happy to be a thought partner in solving each hurdle and hiccup that came along with our newborn. Most importantly, I could see how much my daughter bonded with her in just a few weeks. She would turn her head when she heard Kadian's voice and snuggle closer and closer to her every time Kadian held her. It was truly a love affair for the ages! 


Danielle P3/30/2022We cannot say enough good things about Kadian. We worked with Kadian over the course of two and a half months with our newborn. Kadian was loving, wise, thoughtful, calming, reassuring, easy-going, supportive and the perfect partner for our family as we navigated life with a newborn. She taught us new things to pay attention to, clearly adored working with our daughter, made us feel instantly comfortable and was incredibly reliable. Kadian was communicative, transparent, on-time and most importantly so clearly passionate about what she does and how she does it. She is respectful of your preferences and goals but also informed and an excellent resource or mentor when you're in need of one of this department. We can't recommend her highly enough. She was such a gift to us as a newly growing family and we feel absolutely certain she would be helpful to any family looking for support during a beautiful, special, challenging and joyful time.  


Marc Mewshaw3/25/2022I could not recommend Kadian more highly. She worked with us in the very early days after our premature baby returned home from a difficult stay in the NICU and was an absolute lifesaver, serving as a night nanny for four nights at a stressful moment in our lives. She radiates that very rare combination of personal warmth and impeccable competence. Our then 1 month old, highly sensitive baby seemed to instantly feel soothed by her presence, and she was able to impart incredibly helpful tips and tricks about care and problem solve some physical challenges our baby was going through at the time, specifically a bad bout of constipation and excessive nighttime waking. With the benefit of Kadian's experience and wisdom, after just a few days under her care our baby was sleeping much longer stretches between feedings and had a much better routine established. Not only does Kadian obviously care very deeply for children, she knows just how to support and nurture parents too. She was such a comforting and calming presence, and has a great sense of humor and an innate ability to build rapport, bringing a lot of light and lightness to our lives when we were desperately in need of both. She's one of those people you occasionally come across in life who makes you feel instantly at ease, like you've known her all your life. It was hard to part ways with her when her time with us was over, but she's kept in touch and has left an indelible impression on us. Anyone lucky enough to work with her will be in excellent hands. 


Caroline2/15/2022Kadian is the absolute best! She has an incredibly calm energy and has a true gift with babies. She's so kind and gentle and knows how to put a baby to sleep like no others. She took care of my colicky baby and he adores her! She gave me amazing tips and tools and truly cares about my family. She's wonderful, extremely smart and professional with exceptional work ethics. 


Justine Lill6/5/2020Our experience with Kadian was absolutely wonderful. My husband and I are first-time parents and had our daughter at a peak COVID-19 moment. We were supposed to have family staying with us to help in those first few weeks, but COVID-19 made that travel from Chicago impossible. In addition, my husband was barred from the hospital (it was the week before Cuomo's Executive Order requiring hospitals to allow partners) and I had a C-Section with only 2 days in the hospital for recovery. At the last minute, my family found Kadian, who was a miracle. She practiced social distancing and was able to travel in her own car, making us feel comfortable having her given the circumstances. This is all preamble, of course, to set the stage for a very difficult and challenging time. More on Kadian ....Kadian first arrived the night that I came home from the hospital with my baby. She instantly put my husband and me at ease, gently instructing us in the best ways to care for our baby, but open to our wishes and preferences. She was always calm, competent, and kind and effortlessly cared for our baby and cared/helped me in my surgery recovery. Our baby instantly responded to her baby-whispering ways--Kadian could read her little mind, which felt like a puzzle to new parents. She also lent her intelligence and expertise to us in matters of feeding, nursing, sleeping (for parents and baby), diapering ... and many other key points of information when faced with the overwhelming responsibility of a newborn. I could not recommend Kadian highly enough. Beyond her incredible talent as a baby nurse/doula, she is a joy to have around. Kadian is smart, interesting, personable, and thoughtful, as well as being reliable, punctual, and incredibly responsible. I am happy to provide more detailed information to anyone that requests it. Simply put, Kadian turned an impossibly stressful and scary situation into a manageable and joyful one. We will always be grateful to her.


Sandra9/11/2019Kadian was our postpartum doula over one day and two nights. She was an invaluable resource of knowledge and help during a crucial time. She helped us practice and adjust breastfeeding positions, observed and corrected the latch, and bottle-fed the baby. Crucially, she provided overnight support by feeding, changing, and soothing our newborn as we caught up on much-needed rest. She also woke me up for nursing and pumping. We were so overwhelmed and exhausted by our first week, but Kadian’s calm, reassuring presence helped us regain our confidence in taking care of our newborn and recover from exhaustion. I highly recommend Kadian’s services; her counsel and support were crucial in getting us through the very tough first week! 


Courtney Moskow3/27/2019Kadian, was professional, loving and helpful. She provided more than just a basic service. She’s multi faceted and came in and helped with our son and gave me the guidance I needed to elevate myself as a mother. I highly recommend her for all levels of service she offers as I truly believe their isn’t anything she isn’t great at. 


Josie3/12/2019Kadian was my postpartum doula for about two months. She was invaluable to me as a first-time mom. Kadian has a beautiful soft yet confident way about her. She cared for my daughter as lovingly as she would care for her own children. She truly made herself available to support the whole family. She helped me accomplish the pressing tasks I had neglected in the weeks following birth. As a CLC, she gave me very helpful, game-changing advice on breastfeeding, hand expression, and sleep positions to get more rest in the night. Even though I relied on her heavily she prepared me to take care of my own child, building my confidence with bathtime in particular! She did nights at first and then switched to days. She showed up fresh for the night shifts, was vigilant and supportive throughout the night–helping me with breastfeeding, positioning, made sure I was drinking enough water, and helped me formulate the best pumping strategy for my stash building goals. On top of all that she's good company! I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her to anyone and hopefully we'll have the pleasure of employing her again!


Kemeisha Douglas9/9/2017Kadian, is a very careing person shes more than what  i had expected from a doula. She came to my home and assist me with exercises, she massages my back, She was with me all night in the hospital before i gave birth to my daughter....