DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 TESTIMONIALS

Kathy Shamoun

TRUE BIRTH

Huntington, NY  Service range 30 miles

516-847-4728

http://truebirth.com

Birth Fee

$2500 to $3500

CONTACT KATHY VIEW KATHY 'S AVAILABILITY

Katja van Wijk5/6/2013Kathy is a compassionate and knowledgable doula and childbirth educator. My husband and I took her childbirth preparation classes for the birth of our second child and after meeting her we knew we wanted her to be our home birth labor doula because she has such a calm and reassuring presence. She supported me in birthing the way I wanted to birth, totally  nonjudgmentally. For those who believe in natural childbirth and respect the labor process as it was intended, look no further. As an educator and experienced doula she's an expert in the process, we knew we could trust her when she told us everything was fine. She knows the body well and knows how we can help ourselves along our birthing journey. As a doula she supports with great love and care as she encouraged me to birth from within.I labored wtih my second child for 5.5 hours and Kathy was there with me immediately when the process started and helped me to work my fast and furious labor with great courage and strength. Had her loving and calm aura not been with me as my son sprinted into the world without a second to collect myself, I would not have been able to trust my instincts and just follow wherever my body (and son) were taking me.


Amy Calloway3/22/2013Kathy's an exceptional woman!!! I wouldn't even consider giving birth without her. Seriously. She was BORN to do this work. With my first child my husband and I wanted it to be just the 2 of us so we didn't have a doula. And for the first 12 hours of labor that was OK. But then things got ROUGH. And he didn't know how to help me. Long story short, I ended up having a c-section with my first. When I got pregnant again I hadn't even considered giving birth vaginally. None of my doctors even mentioned it so I didn't think it was an option. And then I met Kathy. I thank my lucky stars we started talking that one day at the playground! She's brilliant. She educated us in a way my doctors didn't even come close to. I had a beautiful vaginal (drug-free!) birth after a c-section. My labor was long and trying and Kathy's presence made all the difference. She was so attuned to my needs, she anticipated what I needed before I even knew it. She kept me comfortable through hours of intense contractions with her massages and great suggestions. She also kept me from giving up. She knew when to be quiet and she knew when I needed encouragement. She must have heard me say "I can't do it" 101 times. But Kathy stood by me with her belief in me. She helped my husband believe in me too. He never realized before that he was actually kinda doubtful about my ability to birth normally (we sort of both bought in to the idea that my body was broken since I had a C with my first). She also helped him believe in his own ability to support me. That whole experience did wonders for our relationship! Kathy was so much more than an experienced doula and a knowledgeable teacher to us. She supported us with the compassion of a nurturing mother, a caring sister and an understanding friend. I could go on for pages but I won't. If you're thinking about hiring Kathy, DO!!!! Hands down, it'll be the best thing you ever did for yourself.-Amy