DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
15 TESTIMONIALS

Katie McCarthy CD(DONA)

Empower Birth Support

Springville, NY  Service range 50 miles

716.560.8293

https://www.empowerbirthsupport.com/

Birth Fee

$1200

CONTACT KATIE VIEW KATIE'S AVAILABILITY

Michelle2/20/2023Katie was absolutely amazing to work with! Our baby was unexpectedly born 2 months early in the middle of the night. We called her to let her know that I was being rushed in for an emergency C-section. She came right away and was there in my room by the time I got out of surgery. She was always available to talk on the phone as I navigated my postpartum and my baby staying in the Nicu for 34 days. We live 2 hours from the hopsital so we couldn't be there 1-2 days a week. Katie would go visit the baby on the days we couldn't be there! It was such a relief to get the pictures and updates she would send us on those days we couldn't visit. She went above and beyond to support us and baby! She was very kind and compassionate. She recommended an amazing birthing class that helped us feel prepared even in such a traumatic birth situation that we experienced. I would highly recommend her to anyone considering a doula. You could not find a doula who is more professional than Katie! 


Rebecka12/12/2022Katie was our doula for the birth of our third child in November 2022.  She was specifically referred to us as a VBAC-certified doula and someone with experience with moms who've had csections, as was my situation.  She was very kind and supportive to me and my husband in all of our interactions.  I remember during our first in-home visit, I described to her my previous birth experiences and how this was likely my last baby.  Katie actively listened to the long history that I had a shared and then accurately summarized what it sounded like I wanted my goal for this birth to be so clearly and succinctly - it was like a lightbulb went off.  I immediately felt heard and known.  She had spoken to the heart of the matter in a way I hadn't been able to articulate for myself - in short, she "got it."  I had initially planned for a VBAC and Katie provided advice, encouragement, and resources to use to help prepare my body in advance for labor.  Toward the end of the pregnancy, circumstances were such that I ended up choosing a scheduled csection instead.  Katie reviewed my birth plan and provided input based on her prior experiences in local hospitals.  This was valuable so that I knew what to expect and could craft a reasonable birth plan.  She met us at the hospital in the wee hours of the morning - I really appreciated that she was on time and that we had a plan.  I was so grateful she was allowed in the OR with my husband and took pictures for us - we had never had pictures from the OR before and they are something I will always treasure. She stayed with us through several hours of recovery and helped me through a brief period of nausea/vomiting so my husband, who has phobia regarding vomiting, could bond with the baby.  She also checked in with us several times postpartum after we left the hospital.  I definitely recommend Katie's doula services.


Katie2/28/2022Katie had been referred to us by my husband's boss. We had never thought about hiring a doula before, but his boss spoke so highly of Katie that we thought we'd give it a shot! Katie was a wonderful support!! She did a fantastic job of making sure she knew our wants and needs prior to delivery day and never made us feel judged by our desires. On the day of delivery she was a great encouragement and companion. My delivery did not go as "planned", but she made me feel confident and strong in the unplanned moments.  She was also a great support for my husband, keeping him company during my epidural and C-section prep making sure he was well informed and at ease. She even stayed well after delivery to help us while our daughter was rushed to the NICU. It had been a long day and it meant so much to us that she did not rush out when her job was technically done.  We scheduled a follow up meeting after birth to discuss how everything progressed and how we were coping with it and she reassured us that our feelings were valid and that we made the best choices that day.  1000% would recommend Katie to our future expecting friends and will definitely use her again for our next baby!


Justine Gugino-Blasz10/11/2021I met Katie when I was around 16 weeks pregnant with my first baby. She was super easy to talk to and made me comfortable knowing I would have her on my side at our birth.  Our prenatal visits helped my husband and I prepare for our birth and discuss how we wanted it to go. It was my goal to have a natural birth with as little intervention as possible. In meeting her I knew she would help me achieve that but, would also support me if things didn't go as planned.  As my birth approached we found out our daughter was breech. We then discussed all the ways to help her flip and Katie accompanied me to my Extra Cephalic Version.  She was fabulous support for myself AND my husband during this procedure. Unfortunately my baby did not flip during the ECV or at any point before birth. As a result we needed a cesarean section.  Katie helped me feel like I still had control and helped me come to terms with these big changes. She was with us as we prepped for surgery and was with us for the first hour or so after birth. Her energy and presence through it all was fabulous. Even though my birth didn't go as planned having Katie was a constant calm that saw us through despite a birth story that was the opposite of what I had planned.  If we get to do it again, I will have Katie with us for sure.  I look back at it all and I am at peace with my birth story and everything that happened. I believe I feel this way because we had Katie's help! 


Nicole R10/8/2021As soon as I FaceTimed with Katie for our virtual “meet” I knew she was perfect for our birth team! My mind was a bit scattered and she finished my thoughts and sentences perfectly! I got off the chat and already felt empowered and confident  to take on the birth of my second baby. She was available throughout my pregnancy to answer questions and provide reassurance when needed. I was very concerned about my husband “being okay” during the delivery and she provided resources and information to help ensure we would all be good. I love that it wasn’t just “me” she was focused on but “US”. She helped me learn to advocate for myself and reassured it’s okay to express the way I’m feeling (this made all the difference when it came to delivery). Honestly I had the BEST delivery experience I could have asked for! I was hit with a few moments of doubt, but Katie was there cheering me on reminding me that I COULD do this. With her help, guidance and reassurance I gave birth to my beautiful 8lb daughter med free. If we do end up planning baby 3, we will 100% be calling Katie again!


Angela Riznyk-Bosworth7/22/2021Katie was phenomenal and we could not have gone through this process without her! She met with us before our baby was born to answer questions, offer advice, teach us, and listen to our concerns.  She was at the hospital with us for a very difficult labor and delivery and provided support, encouragement and advice that was indispensable to myself and my husband.  She also has been available for us after delivery to help with any issues we'be had since he was born. We would 100% recommend her to anyone!


Carolyn4/21/2021While we're excited to write this review for our experience with Katie, it is difficult to put our experience into words because it was truly incredible.My husband and I went into the birthing experience with different hopes, fears, and expectations. Katie addressed every single one of our questions, thoughts, fears, hopes, and preferences during our prenatal visits. We had to meet virtually because of COVID protocols, but that did not prevent us from establishing a great connection. Katie was authentic, kind, thoughtful, knowledgable, and showed absolutely no judgment when it came to any of our questions or comments. During our prenatal visits, she discussed all possibilities for how the birth could go - from interventions to post-delivery options. She also provided trusted resources and recommendations such as a birthing class (which we loved). These conversations allowed us to be informed and provided us with a sense of relief knowing that we would not be hearing anything for the first time during the birth. We felt extremely prepared and supported.Katie was our first call when my water broke. She came over to our house and provided support while I was laboring at home. I would have gone to the hospital several hours before I went had we not had her support. Again, she was calm, kind, patient, nonjudgmental through all of the hours that could have felt extremely scary. My husband and I were both so comforted by her presence during the delivery that it was hard to say goodbye to her when the birth was over. Luckily, our relationship did not end completely as she provided a postpartum session to check in and see how we were doing in our recovery and adjustment to new life with our little one.We had an absolutely beautiful birthing experience. When we tell our story to our family and friends, we always, always include Katie because she was such an important part. We are forever grateful.


Taylor Perry4/15/2021Katie was absolutely amazing. As first time parents, we didn't know what to expect in the delivery room and felt a doula would be great to partner with. I had a birth plan that I wanted to follow, but wasn't sure if I'd be able to advocate for myself/understand everything that was happening when baby time came - and Katie came highly recommended by friends! She was there through an exhausting 30+ hour labor and was such a support the entire time. She helped my husband and I take a few minutes to discuss options, encouraged me through the entire thing, and helped me feel educated and empowered to make decisions I had to make. I would (and have) recommend her to everyone, first time parent or not. She felt like family during our entire birth and I am so grateful we decided to partner with her. 


Katie L3/29/2021Katie was such an asset to my birth experience in a multitude of ways! I contacted Katie toward the tail end of my pregnancy, but in those several weeks leading up to our daughter's birth, both my husband and I gained so much from working with her. Katie provided a wealth of information, reassurance, and knowledge before, during, and after our daughter's birth, and served as an excellent source of wisdom and guidance throughout the journey. Although my birth did not pan out as anticipated (by no fault of anyone but mother nature), Katie helped me find peace and empowerment in the experience. Furthermore, Katie encouraged me to advocate for myself and my birth - and warmly supported every decision and hope along the way. Katie went above and beyond anticipated duties, even staying by my side during my emergency c-section (and happily documenting our first moments meeting our daughter!). During our postpartum visit, our conversation with Katie helped to provide much needed closure as well as a strengthened sense of ownership over the birth experience (and some more very special documentation/home photography with our little girl!). Katie is both personable and professional, well-informed, engaged, and truly demonstrative of someone who loves what they do and cares about those they serve. We highly recommend working with her! Thank you, Katie, from all three of us!


Jessica Nowak1/14/2021My husband and I first met with Katie when I was about 20 weeks pregnant.  Right away we could tell she would be a great fit for our family.  She has an extremely calming and comforting presence which is exactly what you would hope for when working with a doula.  Throughout my pregnancy she was quick to respond via text / calling / email with questions I had or how to address different scenarios that I encountered or was concerned about (especially how to discuss certain topics with my OB provider).  Being someone who wanted to be as informed as possible, I appreciated that she provided me with different podcast, website and other resources as well as doing her own research on my behalf.   My goal was to have a natural birth at a hospital however after going over a week over my due date, I made the decision with my husband based on my OB's recommendation and discussing with Katie to be induced.  While induction and various other aspects of my baby's birth were not part of the "birth plan" we had discussed as a family and with Katie along the way, I felt supported and in as much control of any birth situation as you actually can be with having Katie present as our advocate.   As Katie had very wisely advised us from the start that it is less of a birth "plan" and more of a very loose set of ideas or goals you have for your birth process, as obviously anything can happen throughout the pregnancy and birth!  We had a healthy baby boy and feel so lucky to have had Katie present with us throughout our first baby's birth.  I would recommend her without hesitation to any expecting mom :)


Kaitlin Golembiewski11/16/2020If anyone is looking for birth support or a doula, I highly recommend Katie! She made my husband and I feel so comfortable and at peace with all our decisions and she was there for us throughout our whole pregnancy and delivery. She provided constant support, empowerment and any resources that I would ask her for. On delivery day, we truly couldn’t imagine not having Katie there with us. Her personality is so calming, and reassuring, she helped me through when I thought I couldn’t do it anymore. She was our advocate when decisions had to be made and always weighed the pros and cons with us as we made our decisions. She is such a special part of Ariella’s birth story and we are forever grateful for her.


Ashley Rose7/30/2020My husband and I can not recommend Kate enough ! If it's your first baby or your 5th! She goes above and beyond to be there for her clients when needed before and after big day ! I lost my niece at 35 weeks a couple years ago and o had been so terrified of birth. Katie's empowerment and empathy  often left me feeling very confident for my big day! She always had advise and pod casts to listen to and even went with us to our personal birthing class! I took all of Katie's advice along the way my personal birth experience literally could not have been better it was exactly how I always wanted it to go! Thank you Kate for helping my family with our birth plan and just being there for us ! Piper loves you Aunt Kate ! Best Doula Ever ! 


Melissa Hojnowski6/16/2020My husband and I were in search of a Doula in order to have someone on our team that would for sure be at the delivery. Our provider had multiple physicians and it was luck of the draw who would be on call when we delivered. We wanted to know who would be there ahead of time. Someone who was familiar with our birth plan, and understood our wishes, and concerns. Katie provided all of that and so much more! She was there for us every step of the way. She was so open to calls and texts any time I had a question or concern. And she always provided evidence based information to help us make decisions throughout our pregnancy.   When the big day came Katie went above and beyond offering support and encouragement. She had lots of ideas and suggestions when dealing with labor pains. In addition, she helped my husband find his place supporting me through each contraction. She gave us each the confidence to tackle any challenge we faced. The hospital staff were also very pleased with her role in the delivery room and said they'd be happy to work with her again. We are so grateful to Katie for her knowledge, support, encouragement, and kindness! We would highly recommend her to anyone looking for an addition to their birth team!


Greg Rose9/12/2019My wife and I were lucky enough to have Katie McCarthy as our Doula. We were very familiar with Katie before our pregnancy and when Katie started her Doula journey we we very excited to be able to be a part of her first steps.From Day one to today still Katie shows her care and concern for our new family. She went above and beyond our expectations, and she was accommodating to our lifestyle and our views on childbirth. She did not once try to solicit or push a certain part of the process. She gave my wife and I comfort, knowledge, and she was a third shoulder to lean on when we needed her out of the blue, or she sent us some quality referenced experiences and ideas.I would recommend Katie as a Doula to any new or seasoned mother and father. She helps the inexperienced through one of life's most important challenges and rewards.As an expecting father, it is hard to be involved in some ways and Katie was a bridge that connected me and gave me motivation and I became excited and wanted to learn more and help more myself. So as a team of 4 strong individuals our birth day of our first born girl was a mixture of emotions, excitement, fear, anxiety, relief, and overjoy.Katie just added a whole level of wonder to life's greatest of all.


Amber Heary4/26/2019Being a first time mama brings on a lot of uncertainty, questions, and anxiousness. The pregnancy, the labor and delivery and going home with a newborn is all overwhelming. Having Katie throughout this process was a relief for me. She was there with questions I had about my pregnancy, she helped put together our birth plan and covered all sort of topics that I didn't even know to think of and she was a MAJOR support factor in the delivery room. That is one thing I remember during delivery, Katie coaching and encouraging me to keep going even when I didn't think I could. It is something you might not even consider when having a baby, but when you're in the thick of it all, having that voice of someone pushing you to keep going made so much of a difference for me. She knew a contraction was coming for me before anyone else in the room because her focus was me. It's something you don't even realize until it's over. I am so grateful to have had Katie for my pregnancy journey and anyone who chooses to have her as a doula for their journey will feel the same way. 