DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Kaylen Ardiles Cervera

Roots of Love Project

New York, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  Travel available with prior arrangements

9176284912

http://www.rootsofloveproject.com

Birth Fee

$2650 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$55 to $65

Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

CONTACT KAYLEN VIEW KAYLEN'S AVAILABILITY

Sam Safer Valentine7/24/2023Forever grateful to Kay! We wanted to work with a postpartum doula that had serious credentials from developmental psychology to a lactation certification and had worked with multicultural, and mixed-race families.  Kay is warm, generous, transparent, funny, calm, and insanely knowledgeable - all the qualities I felt my growing family needed to have around us as first-time parents on this crazy beautiful journey. I knew I was going to be induced and ended up having a C-section and having Kay made my recovery really smooth. She met us the day after we got home from the hospital and really helped with Mom’s recovery in ways the OBs these days just do not - from how to care for my incision, bring down the swelling in my body, hold the baby without causing pain, sitting to standing, and nourishing myself - I could go on! I also knew I was going to have a hard time producing milk and Kay helped me through that journey, teaching me different latching techniques, how to bump, etc, she helped through the tears and the hormones, and the pain when another day of no milk production - she was there without judgment when I finally made the decision to go all in on formula - Kay was all support, no judgment. She taught us a million things - the best bottle-feeding techniques, how to defrost and warm up donor breast milk, how to swaddle, and double swaddle, how to baby wrap in the solly, she fit each of our baby carriers, she taught us soothing techniques, and distraction techniques, helped to craft a daily routine of wake windows, feeding windows, nap times that worked with our family’s flow. Kay even helped us to weigh the pros and cons of different types of childcare. She truly set us up to be confident parents in how we cared for our son and took a ton of anxiety out of the equation.  We even hired Kay back to help us sleep train!  You’d be lucky to have Kay on your team supporting your family.


Justine Young7/7/2023During our first meeting, I knew Kaylen would perfectly match our needs. Kaylen is knowledgeable, warm, experienced, and an overall fantastic woman. We highly recommend  Kaylen's Full Spectrum Doula service, especially as a first-time mom. My husband and I were provided with many resources for prenatal learning and infant CPR courses. We gave health updates during our check-ins and began our birth plan process. It was essential for us to be as prepared as we can. When complications arose, we had Kaylen reassure us things would be okay; she immediately adjusted our postpartum services for a premature delivery. We are deeply grateful to have had Kaylen with us. Our son is healthy and growing. Having Kaylen as a doula made a huge difference, sometimes things happen that most people are not prepared for, but we were fortunately guided and ready to go. What could have been a traumatic birth experience became quite regular thanks to the support we had. Kaylen also taught us how to set up our pump for expressing breast milk. If you need a Doula hire Kaylen, she knows every aspect of the birth process, from natural to intervened birthing. We appreciated her range of knowledge and practices!


Lisa7/5/2023I started working with Kaylen when I was about 6 months pregnant. She was always so warm and kind and was able to answer any doubt or concern I had. She educated my husband and I on the beautiful act of birth. Her response time was always so quick even when she had other clients that were in labor.On the night my contractions kicked in she was a phone call away and supporting us on the phone. She quickly made her way to our house the next morning and spent the entire day comforting me, cooking broth, running a bath, massaging my back. She was the reason I was able to spend such a big portion of my early labor at home, she was really a shining light in such an unknown environment. When the contractions got heavier we made our way to the hospital and Kaylen was right behind us.She spent almost 24 hours by our side in the hospital while I was in labor and never left. She was actively massaging me, helping me with breathing, making me laugh. Even though I ended up having to get a c-section Kaylen was an absolutely vital part of my birth experience. I would not have had as positive of an experience without her. I truly recommend her doula services to any expecting mother, she is a gem and a sweetheart.


Shalin Pei6/29/2023As first-time parents without family nearby, we decided to hire Kaylen for postpartum doula services. We searched for someone education-focused that could "teach us to be independent." Kaylen stood out through her full spectrum certification, background in developmental psychology, and experience working internationally and multiculturally. At our first call, she immediately imbued a sense of warmth and calmness that we would welcome into our home during an intimate and vulnerable phase.At each visit, Kaylen would checkin on mom's recovery and bring care and attention to areas the OB doesn't focus on (i.e. swollen feet, itchy skin, uterine health and expelling lochia). She then turned attention to our greatest concerns at the moment, including efficient breastfeeding and bottle feeding techniques, pumping guidance, and nipple care. She taught us how to use our gear properly (sanitizing, sizing flanges, sizing baby carriers, tying solly wraps) and walked us through new skills (giving baths, soothing). It's incredibly confidence boosting having an expert demonstrate each new skill in context of our home, so we can replicate it on our own. During later visits, Kaylen pivoted to postpartum meal prep. The food was delicious, and as she cooked I would give her general updates and casually ask her opinion on things I'm considering for the future, such as travel logistics and childcare options. For any childrearing questions with multiple schools of thought, Kaylen would explain the pros/cons of each approach in a non-judgemental way, so we could make educated decisions for ourselves.We had a very smooth fourth trimester and hit our stride quickly, lucky to sidestep many of the painful/anxious moments I hear from other moms. I credit much of this to Kaylen's support!


Elizabeth1/18/2023Kaylen was a tremendous support. Her knowledge, advice, kindness, warmth, and ready sense of humor were invaluable as my partner and I navigated the end of my pregnancy, prepared for the birth, and then brought our baby home. I am forever grateful!