DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
9 TESTIMONIALS

Kerri Evers

The Doula Sisters

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Staten Island

7189268015

https://www.doulasistersnyc.com/

Birth Fee

$2500 to $4000

CONTACT KERRI VIEW KERRI 'S AVAILABILITY

Katie Sieber10/12/2021Kerri made our birth experience truly magical. From start to finish she was a source of comfort, information, support and laughter!Kerri has an uncanny ability to know what a person needs to hear and the kind of support they need in any given moment. Working with Kerri was the best choice we made for our growing family! She views labor as a birth day party and we felt that way the whole time. Our son came into the world in a joyful and calm way and we owe so much of that to Kerri! She's truly the best human. 


Lauren3/2/2020Kerri was recommended to me by my midwives group and I’m so glad we decided to work with her. She was incredibly supportive in the lead up to delivery and when labor finally started, I was so relieved to see her waiting for us at the hospital that I cried. My labor and delivery was kind of dramatic with lots of unexpected surprises. Kerri was so calm and loving and her obvious experience and expertise made my husband and me feel like we could handle anything. I didn’t understand the work of a doula until I was in the middle of it. It’s intense, long and 100% hands on and Kerri never even broke a sweat or seemed the least bit tired (and she must have been!). She felt like a member of the family to me, like having a mom or a sister to go through the process with. But she also knew when to give us space. She knows all the nurses and they clearly love her too. Her existing relationships with hospital staff was a major asset. Kerri thought of everything, little things I would need on hand that I never could have anticipated, like Listerine (who knew Listerine would be so wonderful to have?), hair ties, keeping track of my personal stuff like my clothes, purse and shoes (if it were up to me and my husband, I would have never seen these things again we were so distracted), a handheld fan, a foot massage... I could go on and never cover how much Kerri helped me face the challenges of childbirth, a process that I had never endured before and was pretty nervous about. She’s funny, intuitive, caring and patient. She felt like an instant friend and we love her! 


Mason and Nicole Ingram2/26/2020We simply could not imagine our birth story without Kerri. This woman is magic. She instantly became family when we first met her, but it was in the hospital that we truly saw her shine. Kerri is patient, kind, and commanding all at the same time, and is tremendously gifted at navigating the many nuanced relationships and interactions with nurses, doctors, and family members alike. She knows her way around the hospital like a boss...all the care providers and staff loved her, she slept in her clothes in the shower (who does that?!), and used her bag of tricks to create a soothing, peaceful environment in the birthing room.Kerri brought such a sense of calm while also encouraging us throughout my labor and empowering my husband to be present with me in it. Even though there were some complications and things didn’t go according to plan, we could not have imagined a more beautiful birth experience. We owe much of that to Kerri‘s expertise and advocacy. She’s also quite a ball of fun. We couldn’t recommend her more highly! #1 fans over here!


Josh Saul2/24/2020We hired Kerri as our doula for the birth of our first child in January 2020. This was the best decision we could have made. Kerri is a complete professional and a master of her trade. She  encouraged and guided us as we changed doctors to a OB practice that was a much better fit for us and she was always available via text and phone throughout the prenatal period to answer all our questions. And her prenatal classes were extremely informative and did a lot to ease me and my wife’s worries. Lastly, she has a great sense of humor which is very important. During my wife’s extremely intense37-hour labor, Kerri was an absolute rock star. She always knew how to diplomatically elicit the best care from hospital staff, she advised my wife on all the options available to us (including ones the doctors and nurses didn’t tell us about) and she even guided my wife through a two-hour period of the labor by herself when I was so exhausted I had to take a nap.In short, Kerri made a very difficult pregnancy much smoother. It scares me to think what kind of shape my wife and baby son and I would be in without Kerri ... I know we would be much more stressed and would have had a much scarier and harder pregnancy without her. I reccomend Kerri 100% and think she is the absolute best. Thank you Kerri!!


Alexa B2/24/2020Kerri was hands down the best addition to my birth team. She is patient, kind, funny, supportive and she really REALLY knows her stuff. She is highly experienced and she is an advocate for her patients always. She made myself and my partner feel very comfortable with an otherwise foreign experience. She was very inclusive of not just my needs but my partners needs as well from the very first prenatal visit. She was extremely flexible when our living arrangements changed just 4 weeks before my birth and we relocated almost 45 minutes away from our original location. Kerri was not only a birth doula but she was there 24/7 for me after my labor and birth, which was complicated. She supported me for weeks post partum and never was annoyed by a text or call. She has become a part of our family and a household name for sure! She is a great addition to any birth team and will positively impact any labor and delivery experience. 


Abbey Mackay Budge2/10/2019Kerri was an outstanding doula. She connected with my husband and I from the moment that we met. Beyond her bright sense of humor was an intuitive awareness as to how I needed to be supported during my pregnancy and labor. Like a genuinely caring sister, she instinctively knew what to say and when to say it. I will never forget her words of encouragement to my husband and myself. My home birth flowed smoothly under Kerri’s guidance, she truly had such an understanding as to where I was in my labor. Kerri is incredibly passionate about her work as a doula, and we are so grateful for her. We want Kerri for our future births and she will always be such an important person in our lives.


Jaclyn Lindsey1/27/2019There were no amount of classes that could have prepared me for my birth experience (and I took 24 hours worth of them!). Kerri showed up at just the right moment to give me and my husband a sense of calm and peace in what we were going through, which ended up being an unexpected and unpredicatable situation. She was assertive with the medical team when needed, was my advocate throughout, and was able to somehow nurture both me and my husband at the same time. To have a doula who could play such a wide role, communicating what was going on, ensuring the staff knew what I wanted at all times, and keeping me grounded - she's an absolute miracle worker. Besides my husband, here is no one more I'd want by my side during labor and can't wait to go through it again with her!


Gillian Herring1/15/2019Kerri has been my doula for the birth of both of my babies, and I wouldn't even consider having another one without her by my side. She is genuine, loving and incredibly skilled. With my first labor, I was heartbroken that things didn't start the way I was expecting (my water broke with no consistent contractions + meconium), and Kerri knew I wanted an intervention free labor and delivery. She was incredibly positive yet honest, and helped us work with the hopstial staff to try and achieve this in a way that would honor my desires but also keep me and baby safe. She was reassuring and helpful when my husband and I were overwhelmed. She knew exactly how to support me (physically, emotionally) while empowering my husband too as well. While he would hold me and rock with me, she would be rubbing my back, or help me move my hips--she also encouraged him to take charge and assured him that what he was doing was good (and very practically she was able to give him breaks if he needed.) I also have very specific memories of moments when I wasn't sure I could continue, and it was as if she was reading my mind and would look me in the eye and say, "YOU GOT THIS MAMA!" For me, she was the perfect balance of calm and loving, but also tough. In the end I didn't have to be induced and had an unmedicated birth. I truly belive that because Kerri encouraged and pushed me I was able to achieve it. My second birth was FAST and furious, and because of her intution and experience, Kerri told us we needed to leave for the hospital despite us thinking it was too early. I wouldn't have made it through that car ride without her (nor would we have made it to the hospital in time). After our baby was born she even stayed a few extra hours to ensure breastfeeding was going well. Kerri has the unique gifts of empowering you to trust your instincts as you labor, assuring you of your incredible strength, and lovingly caring for you throughout your journey.


Lindsay Anthony1/14/2019Kerri is a DOULA ANGEL in my experience - and I didn't even experience a normal delivery.  Kerri was present for the birth of my first baby - by c-section. She was a key decision maker in our process to move to c-section after 24 hours with no progression. She worked as a partner to my husband to make the best decision for US, which was to get the baby out safely and quickly.  Kerri had so much TLC for me as I was suffering from a rare, and itchy, form of PUPPS. She poured water on my legs, convinced the doctor's to prescribe me an anti-itch medication, and generally filled our space with love and peace as we tried various tactics to progress after my water had broken.  Kerri has now worked with nearly all of my extended group of friends - and become like a sister to all of us.  We don't call her Mama Kerri for no reason - she embodies this role each and every day leading into your labor and beyond!