DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
4 TESTIMONIALS

Kimberly Zoltek

Mind Body Birth

New York, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island  Also serves families in New Jersey & Connecticut

6094257782

Birth Fee

$1600 to $2200

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $65

CONTACT KIMBERLY VIEW KIMBERLY'S AVAILABILITY

Emma Woodard3/30/2023Kimberly was an absolute asset in my birth and postpartum experience. We are so grateful to her for everything she has done for our family.Kim's support during labor was a wonderful comfort to both my husband and I. She played a large role in our successful homebirth by being a reassuring and soothing presence. I am so grateful for her expertise and being so available to us both before and after the birth with any questions or concerns that we had. In addition to being a skilled birth doula, her postpartum doula support was absolutely lifesaving for me as a first time mom. Kim- you are a rockstar! We would hire you again in a heartbeat!


Hope3/27/2023Kim has a true passion for supporting mothers and families during pregnancy, childbirth, and postpartum. She is a skilled and knowledgeable doula who has a wealth of experience in the field. She possesses a deep understanding of the physical and emotional needs of women during these critical moments in their lives.During the year+ that my family and I worked with Kim, she demonstrated an unwavering commitment to providing personalized care and support. She was compassionate, nurturing, and was always available to answer questions, provide guidance, and offer reassurance. Her calm demeanor, creativity, quick thinking, and wealth of knowledge and skills helped me have a positive birth experience, despite facing a host of challenges during labor and delivery.In addition to her exceptional skills as a doula, Kim is a warm and caring individual who is truly dedicated to helping families have a positive birth experience. Her professionalism, expertise, and genuine concern for her clients make her an outstanding choice for anyone seeking a doula. I highly recommend her without hesitation to anyone in need of doula services!


Ronlee T3/8/2022I cant say enough amazing things about working with Kim during my pregnancy, labor, and post delivery. Not only is she a wonderful person to be around, but she is so competent and good at what she does. She gave me and my husband all the tools, info, and partnership we needed to have the most wonderful labor and delivery experience. During every step of the delivery, we felt like we knew exactly how we wanted it to go and felt so empowered in speaking with the hospital staff. Seeing Kim's face arrive at the hospital is still one of the best memories I have of that day as she brought so much calm, help, and assurance during a new and slightly anxiety inducing moment for me and my husband as it was our first child.I have absolutely NO doubt that I will be calling Kim again the moment I know I am pregnant again and will definitely be recommending her to anyone I know who gets pregnant. 


Michael10/28/2021As first time parents, it was a strong desire of my wife and I to have a doula for mental, emotional and physical support and guidance. Kim was a tremendous joy to work with, a calming presence and tremendously knowledgeable about pregnancy, pre-labor and labor. She was very hands-on and helped my wife stick to her birth plan which was very important and meaningful to her (and thus me).For me, she was a reassuring presence and made me know that everything was going to be ok. I cannot recommend Kim more strongly for anyone looking for guidance and help through the most amazing life experience that is bringing a new tiny human into the world.