DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
16 TESTIMONIALS

Krista Volpe

From Bump to Baby

Warwick, NY  Service range 30 miles  I do not attend births in NYC.

8459881079

http://www.frombumptobaby.com

Birth Fee

$1500 to $1800

CONTACT KRISTA VIEW KRISTA'S AVAILABILITY

Sahara Pradhan1/17/2023Krista was a phenomenal support during my pregnancy, labor and delivery. She is incredibly knowledgeable, experienced and professional. She is also extremely supportive and kind. We immediately felt at ease the first time that we met with Krista and knew that we wanted to work with her.Several weeks before my due date, we took a comfort measures class with Krista that was personalized, hands on, informative and evidence-based and was so important for our preparation for labor.  She created a safe space for us to share our needs and ask our questions, and  fostered a caring and trusting relationship.In the weeks before the birth, Krista also made herself readily available to us and she was always immediately responsive to our needs— no matter what came up. Krista provided evidenced based knowledge, emotional support as well as wisdom that comes only from many years of experience. She prepared us for different scenarios and always made us aware of our different options. As first time parents, we constantly turned to Krista for support and advice and she gave us the confidence to advocate for what we needed/wanted and make the decisions that were right for us. During my labor, Krista was a calm, supportive, affirmative and confident presence who taught me how to embrace the process. At every step, she addressed my fears and was caring, encouraging and so resourceful. Although long and challenging, my birth process was also patient, low-intervention, empowering and peaceful, in large part because of Krista. After the birth of our baby, she continued to be a supportive presence as we navigated newborn challenges. Krista is so passionate and devoted to this work — it takes someone extraordinary to do it as well as she does. We are eternally grateful to her for being such an invaluable part of our baby’s birth. We cannot recommend her highly enough.


Emily12/17/2022If you are looking for a doula, look no further!! Krista was an invaluable part of my pregnancy, labor, delivery, and postpartum success - hands down! She is a joy to work with. She is a constant source of unparalleled support, education, and guidance throughout pregnancy, birth, and thereafter. Truly, she is a gift. From the very beginning she brought amazing energy to all of our interactions and created a safe space for us to have open and helpful conversations to navigate birth plan(s) and preferences. We felt so much more confident for labor and delivery thanks to Krista’s Lamaze classes, provided resources, and 1:1 talks we had with her. We felt seen, informed, and supported from day 1 to present day. My entire pregnancy Krista was just a call or text away from providing whatever support was needed. She checked in constantly and always made sure we knew she was available for us. Leading up to labor she was so helpful in navigating and adapting to challenging situations that arised. During our labor and delivery Krista stayed by our side, tirelessly working with us, for over 24 hours. She shifted into the exact person we needed at every moment while I was laboring. She never once doubted my abilities and brought so much knowledge, support, and helpful techniques for both myself and my husband. With Krista’s help, my labor and delivery was everything I could have dreamed of. We truly can not recommend her enough!


Rachel10/17/2022Krista has a calming presence, she is kind and knowledgeable. I am so grateful to have had her by my side during the birth of my first child. She is an amazing support for pregnancy birth and postpartum. It was really amazing to have Krista there to advocate for me and what I wanted in the middle of labor when it was difficult to do so for myself. I did not love my labor and delivery nurse and as soon as Krista arrived I was so happy to have her take over and be the one to helping me try new positions during contractions, get to and from the bathroom, ask questions etc.  Having her during labor and delivery really helped me make it through with my goals of an unmedicated delivery and made my birth experience much better. After the birth she helped us organize what we needed to collect the cord blood and she took pictures that we will cherish forever. Highly recommend Krista she is an amazing!! 


Jackie6/11/2022Krista was an amazing Lamaze instructor. My husband and I learned so much from her classes and feel more prepared for our birthing experience. The techniques she uses to teach the concepts included a lot of hands on and visual learning which really helped us to remember the key takeaways. I really enjoyed the variety of activities. She is also just genuinely a caring person who made us feel very supported and heard. I highly recommend Krista for her Lamaze classes or as a doula. Thank you!! 


Rachel10/1/2019Choosing Krista for our doula was the best decision we could have made. I seriously do not know what I would have done without her during my labor. Krista is kind, educated, and supportive. She was such a great source of information and encouragement during my pregnancy, delivery and after the birth of our daughter. She goes above and beyond and truly cares about you and your baby. Krista helped me cope through really difficult contractions after I was induced and helped my achieve the drug free delivery I was hoping for. I was so relieved when Krista came to the hospital once my contractions started after being induced. I didn’t love my labor and delivery nurse... I remember being so grateful because as soon as Krista arrived at the hospital she immediately took over helping me with  everything I had been relying on the nurse to do like helping me go to the bathroom (pretty challenging when you are having contractions and you need to take your IV pole and monitors with you) I was so relieved to have a friendly face and person I knew and trusted. I can’t recommend Krista enough! If you are on the fence about spending the money for a doula - I encourage you to make the investment. Krista took away a lot of my fear and anxiety around giving birth and I attribute a large part of my low intervention and complication free birth to her. Krista we can’t thank you enough! We will definitely be booking you again for any future babies!


Marisa8/15/2019We cannot begin to express how vital Krista, our beloved doula, was to our birthing experience! My husband and I had our first child in July, and Krista guided us through every step of the way. She has the most calming presence, I felt so secure and at ease during my laboring at home, and even during the sometimes chaotic moments of the hospital. I would look up at Krista and immediately feel relieved and taken care of. She really enabled us to have the birthing experience we dreamed of. 


Jackie Knight6/5/2019I wanted to leave this review for Krista bc women NEED to know how amazing and important it is to receive the best care during labor and childbirth, and krista was just that. She is an angel and the only way I was able to get through the whole experience. She worked just as hard as I did. She was by my side for every single painful contraction, coaching me on breathing and helping me relax. It helped so incredibly much. If I did not have her I would have ended up with a csection for sure. I would have lost my mind and been out of control but she kept me sane and relaxed. Her maternal instincts comforted me in so many ways. SHE TRULY IS A BLESSING. 


Constance DeGroat8/6/2018Knowing my mother had 3 C-sections I thought I was doomed to have one myself. I was just scared of c-sections.  I didn't know how to make sure I had the vaginal birth I wanted. I did know when we took our hospital tour I wasn't going to find the knowledge to have the birth i wanted at a hospital lamaze class. I was able to have a much calmer birth and better focus thanks to the knowledge Krista gave us. I knew what was normal during birth and nothing freaked me out, I just knew what to expect as I went through the motions. She helped us think of things we would have never thought about. What still sticks with me is one of the exercises we did holding ice while focused on how cold the ice was and holding ice while focusing on an image. Your mindset has so much to do with having the birth you want. I didn't think I could have the birth I wanted until I took this class. I felt more confident in giving birth after. I started immediately practing affirmations and meditation as Krista advised from the very last class we took. I was even able to find a doula at 36 weeks with Krista's help. Surprising to my birth story is how close I wanted my partner to me during the whole thing. I hear most women's stories wanting their partner to go away. We learned how to be a team during the birth in our lamaze class. I recited affirmations throughout my birth and it got me through to have the birth I wanted. We dont' think we could have had the experience we had without the lamaze classes and our doula Amanda. Until we had our birth no one understood why I wanted a lamaze class or a doula, but it made such a huge difference. Her class is too the point and she gives you great resources to continue preparing for the birth you want.


Kaitlan Donnelly1/2/2018Krista was an amazing support throughout my pregnancy and labor. Any questions I had she was very responsive in always giving me information to explore all of my options. She helped educate me and my husband on different waya to help ease labor pains. During labor she made sure any questions I had were answered by my healthcare provider. After delivery she continued to show support and help with any issues I had breastfeeding,I am forever greatful to share our birth experience with her. I honestly don’t  think I could’ve done it without her!


Jessie Huezo6/7/2016Krista was my doula for the birth of my second child and she was amazing! I had a pretty bad experience with my first birth...too many interventions which eventually led to an unplanned and unwanted c-section. I was pretty nervous about having a VBAC but was determined and wanted a doula to ensure I'd have a better experience this time around. Krista was so supportive and listened to all my concerns and helped prepare me for the birth, giving me exercises and tips to accomplish my goals. She was always in contact with me during the weeks before labor and had such great advice regarding my midwife appointments and what procedures to avoid. She was totally amazing during the labor as well, she came to our house as soon as contractions started a pattern and got labor moving by having me walk, change positions etc. she also helped tremendously by being able to judge when we needed to go to the hospital and helping me cope with the contractions. I'd highly recommend her to anyone wanting a calm and peaceful labor!


Josephine Costanza3/19/2016Krista was an amazing support during my pregnancy, labor and delivery. She made sure to educate me on all of my options throughout the pregnancy. She was always available and would respond immediately when I needed her.  She provided me with literature to ahow my older daughters to prepare them for the delivery as well.  Then, during labor, she was prepared with many different methods to help with the contractions and the pain. Throughout the delievery, she saw that all the medical professionals were aware of my birth plan and stuck to it.  She provided emotional support to help my husband and I get through it! She became a part of our family! I was so happy and honored to have her there and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a warm and caring doula to help them through one of the most important moments in their lives.


Jessica Lyn3/11/2016Our experience with Krista was absolutely amazing. I truly don't know what we would have done without her support. From the very beginning with birth classes she was there to help and educate my husband and I. When the big day finally arrived and our little guy decided to make his appearance she was there every step of the way. From reassurance that labor had actually begun ( for a first time mama ..much needed and appreciated ) to the very end with taking pictures for us that are totally irreplaceable and never would have had without her there. Throughout the laboring process (28-29 hours for me) she was a constant and strong support for both my husband and I. My husband being a little nervous and unsure of what to do seeing me going though everything had a hard time knowing what I maybe needed or what would help me at times. Krista was there to support him as well and guide him in ways that he could support and help me and bring us closer together. He is still so happy and grateful that we had her with us that amazing day. Krista was also able to help keep me focused while I labored , recommending different positions to try, walking, the birthing tub; all while giving continuous and positive verbal support. Without her I don't think our birth experience would have as memorable. I would recommend her to absolutely anyone looking for an amazing Doula. We can not be more thankful that we had her by our sides.


Kathryn Casesa1/5/2016Krista was the best blessing I could have received during labor (except my daughter of course). I am actually not sure I could have survived it without her. She answered all of my questions I had throughout my pregnancy, gave my husband and I super informative and engaging pre-birth classes and helped me through my entire 31 hour labor! Krista was able to provide me with many types of deep breathing tactics and distractions during labor. She helpEd me survive long painful contractions by changing positions, utilizing different pieces of equipment (birthing ball, bathtub, foam noodle Etc), using a calm voice and most of all giving me reassurance and a ton of support.Krista helped make sure that the hospital was aware of my birth plan and made me and my husband aware when they were not following it. She was super knowledgable and able to tell us that we had options, especially since the hospital did not make that clear to us. Krista was wonderful post birth as well! She helped me through the frustration and ups and downs of breast feeding and provided me with lots of encouragement!


Roya Ghazizadeh9/10/2015Choosing Krista as our doula for the birth of our daughter was by far one of the best decisions we have made. I truly believe that the reason we were able to stay with our plan and have a natural birth was her guidance and support throughout every step of labor. We could not have asked for a better person by our side.


Barbara Vultaggio8/29/2015Having the opportunity to work with Krista for the birth of our second child was such a gift. She educated us on many options that we never knew existed when our son was born, and helped us to craft a birth plan that reflected everything we wanted for our baby and ourselves. She was available every step of the way to answer all of our questions. At the delivery, Krista was a source of great strength and comfort, giving me the focus, relaxation, and confidence I needed to cope with the pain naturally. Our family will be forever grateful to her!


Celeste Hidalgo7/13/2015Experiencing child birth with Krista was beyond my expectations. Her positive energy & support made my birthing process soothing & relaxing. I wI'll always be thankful