DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Natasha Pimentel

La Luna Birth Services

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island

9173990817

Birth Fee

Not specified

Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

CONTACT NATASHA VIEW NATASHA 'S AVAILABILITY

Cindy Ferrer7/12/2020Natasha was an amazing doula. As this was my first pregnancy I was nervous about the birthing experience. From the moment we met I felt such a strong sense of love and a true passion for birthing mothers from her. I felt empowerd by Natashas own stories that I knew she would be my doula. I went into labor with a slow leak and no contractions and Natasha dedicated her time and energy to pushing me further then I knew I could go until my labor began to really pick up. She reminded me of my own strength especially during those moments where we want to give up. Not only was Natasha an amazing doula during my labor but her words and reminders of my strength and power during my postpartum period were crucial in helping me heal some of the things that did not go my way. I am ever greatful for Natashas assistance, love and knowledge during such a transformational point in my life.


Melissa S.2/15/2020Natasha was incredible! This was my 6th birth and if I could do it all over again I'd have her there for every single one. She provided an array of comfort measures, affirmations, and support I needed. She went above and beyond. Acclimated to my unusual circumstances and was able to maintain a peaceful environment for me. I honestly don't know how I would have done this without her. I appreciated her speedy responses and even her care postpartum. She has an incredible heart and passion to serve women.


Stefania Marin10/20/2019Natasha was an amazing doula and we could not be more grateful to have found her! We know for a fact God placed her in our life with a purpose and that purpose was to teach, support and encourage us to welcome our daughter to this world the way we had been dreaming about!Natasha is so knowledgeable and explained things in such a clear manner. Since the first time we spoke on the phone I was captivated by her attitude of genuinely wanting to help us. In that first conversation I also noticed what a great listener she was and her optimism in my pregnancy and future delivery. I knew right away I wanted someone with that humble, kind and positive energy in the same room I would welcome my daughter in!Our experience with her the day of my birth was so beautiful. We were able to have the labor and delivery we had been dreaming of and we know for a fact that would not have been possible had it not been for her support and assistance that day. She was so prepared and had a helping attitude since the moment my labor started. She was punctual, compassionate and present throughout the day. She helped me try different positions and techniques to see what would help me feel more comfortable and minimize the pain. They were so key to helping me get through the painful contractions.After delivery she followed up for a post-partum visit that helped me more than I could’ve ever imagined. It was crucial having that support after going through such a life-changing experience.I would absolutely recommend Natasha as your doula. Her beautiful heart and love for what she does is astonishing! We love her and now consider her a part of our family!!