DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
2 TESTIMONIALS

Nicole DuBose

Fruits of Labor Doula Services

New York, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens

3473059712

http://fruitsoflabordoulaservices.com

Birth Fee

$1700 to $3750

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $50

Black Doula

Availability Remarks: The minimum amount of postpartum hours is 6 and the maximum is 8. Currently, all daytime postpartum availability is on the weekends.

CONTACT NICOLE VIEW NICOLE'S AVAILABILITY

Shawna L4/6/2023This review is an update to working with Nicole for birth and postpartum care. My wife gave birth January of this year and the whole pregnancy was filled with anxiety since the first few time my wife was pregnant it ended it misscarrage. Nicole was with us every step of the way calming our nerves to the best of her abilites and was always providing us with much needed information to help support with how we were feeling.  She educated us on childbirth prep, labor and delivery instructions, and was really there when my wife had her struggles with breastfeeding. She routinely checks in on us to see how we are all doing with the new transiton of being parents. It's been really great having someone that we could lean on for support and answer questions for us without bias or judgement. I would suggest that all families invest in having a doula by thier side but I would really suggest having Nicole as that person to help you with all of your maternal and postnatal care. 


Clarke W3/7/2023Working with Nicole (Nikkie as she likes to be called) was a calming and informative experience. This was my first child. Through social media, news media, and things that I heard from other women while waiting in my OB's office. I decided to inquire and do research on doulas. I found Nikkie through a random Google search. I wanted someone that was close to me and had the means to make it to the hospital I gave birth at.The first appointment with Nikkie was really good, she was engaging and conversational. She listened to me and my boyfriend about what we anticipated for our first baby, she provided information to us and told us about resources we should look into as first-time parents; things we would've never thought to even think about. By the end of our first session, I was calm about any nervousness that I may have had. I like that she outlined to us what supportive measures she offered and what we would be working on up until it was time for me to give birth.She was really hands-on. We were grateful for her prepping us for the labor and delivery that we decided to work with her during postpartum; which I'm glad I did. I, unfortunately, experienced postpartum depression about 7 months later and Nikkie was there to support and help me navigate what I was experiencing.I'm glad we chose to hire a doula, I'm glad I hired Nikkie and I will definitely hire again when I have my next baby!! 