DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
3 TESTIMONIALS

Olga Zinner

YourCherish Birth photography & Doula DONA

New York, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island

3472634267

https://www.yourcherish.com/birth-doula-new-york-manhattan-nj

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2200

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $75

Availability Remarks: No limits, happy to help all clients. Creating a warm, safe environment for your family is my focus. Accommodating individual needs is my commitment. Reach out with any concerns or questions.

CONTACT OLGA VIEW OLGA'S AVAILABILITY

Marina Moiseyeva2/2/2022Finding a perfect doula is like finding a perfect partner. It should click. It should be a pretty much intuitive process since the purpose of it is too intimate and sacred. In my case, I was going through dozens of referrals and hundreds of random Google/Facebook/Instagram searches before I found Olga. At this point, can't even recall how it magically happened but she was not a direct referral. I am beyond grateful for Olga being part of our son's arrival into this world.I would truly and literally not be able to do it without her. It was terrifying and insanely overwhelming at times but with her gentle and calm presence along with professionalism, I did it! Olga was my doula, photographer, and videographer 3 in 1 - somehow she mastered all three responsibilities skillfully. She is utterly amazing and I would definitely recommend Olga. She is absolutely wonderful at what she does and who she is as a human being.  So lucky I found her for this very innermost event in my life. 


Aliona1/11/2022 We were with Olga from beginning to end. And my unique experience of childbirth is that I was able to give birth naturally, without any medication or epidural, and within just 3 hours after arriving at the hospital. All the doctors were shocked that when we arrived I was 3cm dilated and that after 3 hours, I was already holding my baby in my arms. I want to say a huge thank you to Olga: she helped me to practice tedious poses, gave me a lumbar massage, spoke to the doctors when I couldn’t, updated the doctors when the situation in the delivery room changed, gave me essential oils, and supported me mentally. It was great! I gave birth gently and quickly!Olya, thank you for the perfect birthing experience! If I give birth a third time, I will definitely give birth with your help! I love you


Aliona1/11/2022I want to share my unique experience! As soon as I realized that I was pregnant for the second time, I immediately knew that I wanted to find a person close to me in the inner world that was both kind and professional, who would accompany my childbirth, prepare me for it, help me with all my questions, and find information out for me.Olga Zinner was recommended to me. We had a call, and I immediately felt a connection with her, and we decided to do an in-person meeting.After checking with me first, Olga came to the first meeting with her baby, since she happened to be nearby at that hour, and we would’ve needed to schedule another day for her to come alone. I was fine with it and appreciated her heads up making sure that was alright, and it was great to meet her cute little one and see how much love and care she has. We talked about everything, and then I knew for sure that she was going to be the one—the doula helping me through every step of my second birth.I had a lot of questions that Olga helped answer and navigate with ease. I was interested not only in the birth itself and its steps and progression, but also in caring for the new baby, postpartum issues for me, feeding, and a whole bunch of other questions. I discussed everything with Olga, and I felt very calm and confident that I was in safe hands. Even before the start of my labor, we met at my house and discussed comfortable poses before childbirth, massage during contractions, and essential oils for relaxation. I was fully prepared and was only waiting for the birth to begin. And that day has come! 