DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
6 TESTIMONIALS

Ronelle Mark

RM birth doula

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn and Manhattan

(929) 263-2034

Birth Fee

$400 to $700

Black Doula

CONTACT RONELLE VIEW RONELLE 'S AVAILABILITY

Mikayla Boone6/1/2023Ronelle Mark was an exceptional doula. She educated me before birth  and after birth. I loved that we kept up with our appointments. Before birth she helped educate me and really helped me think of how I imagine my labor and postpartum. During labor she was wonderful with helping me breath through the contractions, doing movements and exercises that comfort me. Even after labor and I had an C-section, ronelle helped me get my milk supply going so I can breastfeed. Even after birth she followed up with me and made sure me and baby is okay. Ronelle overall is an excellent doula and person! She made my birth experience rememberable & I'm happy I had her as doula!


Stacey Anderson4/24/2023We had the best experience with Ronelle as our doula! From our initial consultation, we felt like she would be a perfect fit for us. We immediately felt very comfortable with her and it was as if we had known each other already even though we had just met. Her experience as a doula and with lactation consultation made us feel very secure in our birth plan choices. I ended up delivering earlier than expected and she was there each step of the way to support me as I mostly labored at home and then was vital in helping me to get my daughter to latch in the golden hour after her birth. She was also very supportive during our post partum visit and allowed my husband and I to get a good nap in while she helped watch over my daughter. I would recommend her to anyone and if I have another pregnancy I would love to work with her again!


SDD3/23/2023Ronelle was most helpful in regards to providing questions I could ask my MDs, especially when complications occurred.  I also found her tips for flipping a baby helpful.  Finally, Ronelle'e session on pain management was new information for me and extremely useful.  During my birth, I was induced for a brief period of time and had to quickly move to a C-Section so much of what I learned with Ronelle wasn't able to be used.  However, if you want to feel informed and have someone if you do go into labor and delivery vaginally, I recommend Ronelle based on the education I received from her.


Samantha3/20/2023Ronelle Mark has been working with us as a postpartum doula, spending evenings with us and overnights with our newborn. From the moment she walked in the door, I knew we would all be in great hands. As someone who has struggled both physically and emotionally with breastfeeding, Ronelle has been a great support; she’s provided resources and helpful advice, but more importantly, has made me feel like no matter what I do, I’m a good mom. During this stressful postpartum period, having that feedback is invaluable. At every visit, she makes it a point to review how our day went, and always has helpful advice for the challenges and “unknowns” of new parenthood. Her positive attitude is also such a breath of fresh air!Ronelle is absolutely wonderful with our daughter and a calming presence in our home. We’re able to get a full night of sleep, and a full report from Ronelle the next morning on the night with our daughter, who is always sleeping peacefully and ready to feed at the exact time Ronelle predicted she would be.I could not recommend Ronelle highly enough! We didn’t know what to expect with a doula, but all of our expectations have been exceeded by a long shot!


Keyanie Mclean1/16/2023Hi my name is Keyanie Mclean and Id like to tell you all about a magnificent person, light hearted soul by the name of Ronelle Mark. I met this lovely young lady approximately a few months ago on facebook, in the last stages of my first pregnancy. Our now sisterhood friendship, came about after I started doing some in depth research on figuring out how to obtain a doula because for my entire pregnancy I didn't have an obgyn nor was any of the "medical facilities" assisting me in finding one. So I reached out to Ronelle within the Facebook group telling her a bit of my story and how I came to be 17weeks pregnant at the time and hadn't been appointed an obgyn. It's alot to explain so Ill briefly sum it up for you all to show how highly I recommended this young lady to any pregnant woman on her own journey seeking a loving, caring and very compassionate, informal/formal and ultimately family friend Ronelle to join them in their experience of becoming a first time mother and or recurring mother. At 17 weeks I had absolutely no medical guidance for my first pregnancy other than "you need to see an obgyn" -unencouraging words from medical staff and doctors. I took the vitamins that were prescribed to me such as prenatals and all that jazz needed to assist me and my baby grow together. After that Ive only had 2 ultrasounds completed all the way up until I was approaching 8months. During this time, Ronelle and I connected and had spoken a numerous of hours just sharing information that she especially knew I needed when I thought I was almost totally prepared mentally to handle the conclusion of my pregnancy .  We finally met in person where all paperworks were filed and discussed for her services. She visited my home and showed me different exercises that would assist baby in our birthing process and we even danced a little and laughed lots! Im convinced that all those erotic dances moves she had me doing is what naturally induced my labor. (continued)


Keyanie Mclean1/16/2023(continued from above)  I was traveling back and forth between 2 different states planning an escape from my child's father as he was very abusive especially during my pregnancy. Finally making my way back to my hometown New York, is where I got my final just due from meeting this young lady. She assisted me with creating my birth plan and initially I wanted to give birth at home with my mom but we didn't have a lot of the medical equipment that it would take for a safer birth so we ended up in the hospital. When I tell yall that the way Ronelle went to bat for me in those moments of vulnerability I couldn't be prouder of all her efforts to correct the corruptions of these so called doctors! She had my back along side my mother! We truly could not have had a better experience without her as I knew I needed someone very special on my side that would assist me fulfill my vision of my birth as apposed to someone trying to force me with their fears into their vision especially within that high level of vulnerability. Anyways we delivered my daughter at 7lbs .15ounces 1 more ounce and she'd be 8 lbs ! Can you imagine?! A first time mom vaginally delivering an 8 pound baby?!?! whewwww glad that's over lol. Needless to say, Ronelle is now apart of my family for life, my forever sister and soon to be godmother to my daughter. Postpartum she even visits me and my baby and showered us with gifts and just her loving presence. However Ronelle is not a postpartum doula so please do not get misconstrued with my words. This was an amazing experience in which I requested that she'd film for me in all its rawest glory. I wish there was enough typing space for me to go on and on lol but then Id be here ALL NIGHT! Ronelle you know I LOVE YOU at all sides of my heart and just truly want to thank you forever more and a day for being there for me and your goddaughter during our time of expansion. We truly appreciate you for being on our journey and for all of your support.