DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
2 TESTIMONIALS

Ruthie Romero

Dawn to Dusk Doula

Rochester, NY  Service range 100 miles  Provides virtual services ~ Payment plans available ~ HSA accepted ~ ASL Fluent and LGBTQIA+ Inclusive

5856905139

https://linktr.ee/ruthierochelle

Birth Fee

$900 to $1300

Postpartum Rate

$50

CONTACT RUTHIE VIEW RUTHIE'S AVAILABILITY

Emily12/16/2022Ruthie came to me a week after my daughter was born, when I was exhausted and feeling hopeless about my daughter's inabilty to sleep on her own without constant contact. Ruthie helped me during the course of 12 hours spread out over four days, giving me tips to try, encouragement, and time to run errands. But most importantly she provided me a compassionate companion who didn't judge but listened and affirmed. Her bearing witness to my struggles helped me feel not alone. She shared about her life as it pertained to what I was sturggling with, and openness increased the bond I felt with her. Not only would I wholeheartedly reccomend Ruthie in her role as a postpartum doula, I would recommend her as a wonderful human being, 


Morgan12/15/2022Ruthie was an incredible doula to have by my side throughout my pregnancy and birth experience. My husband and I met with Ruthie when I was around 22 weeks pregnant to see if we wanted to bring her on as our doula. We immediately fell in love with Ruthie's calm and peaceful energy and how relaxed we felt with her around - it was as comfortable as spending time with an old friend. We met a few more times throughout my pregnancy to touch base on developing a birthing plan, get an idea for things we did or did not want to happen during birth, and to better establish our relationship before the big day. Ruthie also made herself available through texts or phone calls when I was worried or curious about something pregnancy or birth-related. She was always there to listen, no matter how silly my questions might have been. During my 27 hours of labor, Ruthie stayed with us for endless hours providing support, encouragement, suggestions (and much needed nap breaks for my husband). She helped to provide a peaceful setting in the hospital room during labor with twinkly lights and comforting surroundings. We looked to her for guidance when we were unsure what our next steps should be. When complications arose and a vaginal delivery was no longer an option, Ruthie was right there with us as we made the difficult decision to move forward with a cesarean section. Ruthie came with us into the operating room and I can still vividly remember the calming effect of her stroking my hair and talking to me quietly throughout the entire surgery. Ruthie came back to check on us in the hospital the following day and then came to see us at home a few weeks later, with a beautiful bag of goodies to support my recovery. She was wonderful at providing emotional support throughout the entire experience.I would highly recommend Ruthie as a doula to anyone who is looking for birth or post-partum support! 