DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Sara Pedro

New York, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island

Birth Fee

$3500 to $5000

Postpartum Rate

$50

Availability Remarks: Most of my postpartum care is focused on helping with breastfeeding, routine newborn care, learning baby development, helping baby sleep well and techniques like infant massage

CONTACT SARA VIEW SARA'S AVAILABILITY

Niki S7/10/2023Sara was calm and professional. She is attentive and thoughtful throughout the time we worked together, and provided a wide variety of information based on what I needed. I especially appreciate how she can communicate with the care group during the labor. She knew the right questions to ask when my husband and I weren't thinking of them. She is especially trustworthy because her ability to handle tough communication situations. In my case, the on call doctor unreasonably asked me to not scream in my last few pushes. My husband and I were so occupied physically and emotionally that we didn't know how to react. Sara undoubtedly became my advocate, but more importantly did so in the right timing and manner that supported me without interrupting the labor process. It showed her strength, her maturity in being a doula for so many years. I highly recommend Sara.


Rachel10/6/2021Sarah was my doula for both of my kids. We need more people like her. She was absolutely amazing! She came totally prepared and held my hand through the whole process. Her words were very encouraging and her methods really work. She empowers you as a woman and a mother. Sarah is very friendly and works well with all the staff. Her caring and positive personality make me want to have her by all of my children's births. She really gets to know your birth plan and does everything in her power to make it work. I can't say enough good things about her. 


Jessica9/20/2021Sara Pedro was a doula that worked with the Brooklyn Birthing Center. She was one of the Doulas that was present the night I gave birth to my daughter in 2019. Sara was very professional, attentive and had a positive energy. During my labor she was there to help me ease the pain with massage techniques and oils.  It was really comforting knowing that there was someone there to help ease my labor pains naturally and also made me feel comfortable. Even now we still keep in contact and when I do have another child I will definitely have Sara as my doula.


Bria9/15/2021Sara was incredibly kind and dedicated throughout my entire pregnancy. In my last trimester my daughter was breech and Sara came over weekly to help me do exercises to flip my daughter and provided me with all of my options and resources to make the best birthing plan aligned with my wants. She went above and beyond before and after I gave birth and played a huge role in me having the calm birth I wanted and hoped for. If I ever have another baby I can't think of a better person to be by my side on my pregnancy journey!


Hindy9/14/2021Sara wonderful doula and I would highly recommend her to anyone. From the initial interview to the postpartum visit, Sara was always caring, compassionate, and professional. She was also very supportive during the pregnancy, labor, and postpartum times. There aren’t enough words to thank her for all her help during labor. I’m extremely grateful to have her at my home birth. Thank you so much for all your help, Sara!!!-Hindy P