DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
5 TESTIMONIALS

Sasha Malamud

Mama Sasha Doula

Staten Island, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island  I can travel to New Jersey

(917) 589-5597

http://www.mamasashadoula.com

Birth Fee

$1400 to $1600

Postpartum Rate

$40

CONTACT SASHA VIEW SASHA'S AVAILABILITY

Lerone5/19/2022I gave birth between Christmas and New Year's, and finding a doula I felt comfortable with who also made herself available was almost impossible! Sasha did everything to make sure I wasn't left alone and even switched around her plans to accomodate me. She is kind, thoughtful, and inquisitive, and is passionate about her work. She referred me to different resources and courses, and listened to all my concerns. She was also my postpartum doula when my husband went back to work -- and helped me immensely with the transition to motherhood. I cannot recommend her more! She is a gem. 


Alena Alexandrovna9/21/2017Sasha was great! She was very helpful in the labor doing massage on my back, meeting my needs, explaining something to encourage me, sometimes just by being silent And more and more. I was able to achieve my goal to have a VBAC and thanks to Sasha I got it!!! I recommend her! She's knowledgeable, experienced, humble, protective and careful. She stayed with me for 20+hours being strong for me. I'm so glad I hired doula.


Ekaterina Sheremeta6/10/2017Sasha was my doula for the birth of my second child. I'm so happy Sasha was there for me and it was a great experience. Sasha is very nice and caring woman. She supported me before, during and after the birth of my child. She helped me to prepare for birth, showing me some exercises and breathing technices. She also helped me to prepare my first child emotionally for the coming of a new baby. Sasha supported me during birth and helped me tremendously by suggesting different poses in birth, doing me massage during contractions and supporting me in anyway I needed. She was also helping my husband to stay calm and keep everything under control. And she continued being there for me after the birth and making sure me and the baby are fine. Sasha pays a lot of attention to details, she has great knowledge in her field and she is very punctual and professional. I will definetly reccomend her to my friends and anyone who needs birting doula.


Anna Stelmashchuk10/29/2016Dear Sasha, from the bottom of our hearts we thank you for your professionalism, kindness, and knowledge! Your doula skills are an excellent. We hope we were nice folks to you. We hope to stay in touch with you. Hugs, sincerely, the Stelmashchuk family!


Laura Serrano7/21/2014Sasha was my Doula for the birth of my second child. With my first I took the epidural and had a very very long and painful labor and delivery 18+ hours.I hated the epidural and how it made me feel and the numbness it caused as well as the lingering lower back pain. The doctors act as though its nothing but its really a very powerful narcotic and leaves you feeling terrible afterwards and unable to full "feel" whats going on in your birth. That is just my experience, anyway I vowed to go "natural" with my second and I hired Sasha to assist me. She was there with me when I went to my doctor and when I went into labor she showed up at the hospital and not only helped me believe I could work through the pain (when I was about to cave and take the hated epidural again) She positioned my husband and showed him areas to hold me and press when a contraction came, she helped me breathe and fanned my face and believe it or not this stuff REALLY helped and I was able to handle the pain much better and my husband felt like he was involved and an important part of the labor, and he was!In the end I gave birth without any intervention and it only lasted about 2 hours. I did not need and episiotomy, and I was able to leave the hospital the next day :) I can even say I felt wonderful after the birth, and eight months later I still look back on that day with a sense of pride and fulfillment. Thanks to my doula, I had confidence and total control over my birth experience and it was the most incredible and rewarding experience of my life :)