DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 TESTIMONIALS

Shannon Statile

Birthing Confidence LLC

Delanson, NY  Service range 40 miles  45 minute radius from Delanson NY

5185029907

https://bcdoula.com/

Birth Fee

$400 to $1200

Postpartum Rate

$35

CONTACT SHANNON VIEW SHANNON'S AVAILABILITY

Cailin1/18/2023We had a wonderful experience with Shannon as our doula! I did an unmedicated home birth and she gave me all the tools and information I needed to go into my birth feeling informed, confident, and calm. The amount of resources she provided us prior to the birth was extremely detailed and covered everything. She made an entire document filled with info, links, and videos for me to look through and added on more info every time I had a question or had new things come up in my pregnancy, like gestational diabetes. She also taught my husband and I so many comfort measures that I used on the day of the birth. Once that day came, Shannon was so helpful in providing both physical and moral support. She encouraged me throughout my labor, helped with comfort measures and made sure I stayed comfortable and hydrated throughout the birth. Having an extra support person was extremely helpful for both my husband and I! Shannon also helped our midwife team clean up and help prepped me for postpartum and she made several visits after the birth to ensure everything was going smoothly and give some more encouragement and guidance. Shannon is a wonderful doula with a ton of knowledge and we loved working with her!


Kayla8/4/2022Shannon gave me the experience I wanted. I had an unmedicated birth after having two children with the epidural. She came with the knowledge and the tools to keep me going and I was laughing right until the end. She applied counter pressure and encouraged me to stay calm and use the tools we talked about using. I loved my birth thanks to her! Not to mention the amount of time she took to help prepare me for the birth, absolutely amazing!