DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
15 TESTIMONIALS

Silvie Falschlunger

birth-in-motion

White Plains, NY  Service range 40 miles  car & public transportation

(914) 522-6980

http://birth-in-motion.com

Birth Fee

Not specified

CONTACT SILVIE VIEW SILVIE'S AVAILABILITY

Melanie Scherer5/17/2023Hiring Silvie as my doula was one of the best decisions I made preparing for the birth. She accompanied me through the last stage of pregnancy as well as the birth and the first few weeks after the birth. Thanks to her expertise, I felt well prepared and was able to look forward to the birth in a relaxed and confident manner. I really appreciated having her with me during the birth with her empathetic and reassuring nature. She provided me and my partner with a lot of valuable tips and information. 


Robyn3/24/2023Silvie was such an asset to my pregnancy journey. From the moment she came on board she was attentive to my neeeds and reliable. My goal was to have an unmedicated Birth, which I was able to accomplish with Silvie by my side. I would have not been able to do it without her! She anticipated my needs, advocated for me and was hands on my whole lab! Thank you Silvie got an amazing experience!


Amy10/4/2022We absolutely LOVE Silvie who is a big part of the reason why I could have another successful VBAC. She is so well experieced with lots of great tools, tips, and wisdom that are based on both ancient practices and science, particularly neuroscience. I enjoyed what Silvie shared about alignment which was enlightening to me, the visualization tools, close the bone practice, Indian baby massage... She is super responsible, very hands on and deeply passionate about what she does; I could feel this is her calling / life purpose. Silvie's help during my labor was enormous and her generous support and care after the delivery helped me recover better and faster and well take care of my baby. Besides, she is very kind and willing to spend time and provide guidance and holistic support beyond what a doula is supposed to do. She is the one and only and we can't thank Silvie enough; she is part of our family story. 


Jacqueline Reisner8/15/2022Silvie was truly a savior during my labor. She advocated for me when the doctors were trying to rush things along. She was so calm and helped direct my husband on what to do when he felt lost. It was truly a magical experience laboring with her guidance. 


Mary4/26/2022We absolutely love working with Silvie. She supported us for our first and second births- both very different but positive experiences. Silvie supported us throughout our pregnancy and birth journey. I can't say enough wonderful things about her. Anyone who works with Silvie will be in great hands!


Ingrid Begonia4/18/2022Silvie is absolutely the best! From the moment we met to see if I would work with her, I knew she was the one. Her caring and compassionate demeanor was apparent and it was everything I was looking for. Her patience, tender heart, and knowledge were so helpful. The tools she offered for the day of my labor were a game-changer. The "laborade" along with the chicken stock helped tremendously and pushed me through since I was induced and could not eat solids. For my second her recommendations for spinning babies and her helping with some of the movemets helped and got my baby into position within 1 week! My husband was super relieved that during my labor she took control, led the charge and made sure I got the best care possible, she got the nurses to bring me a rocking chair. I have to say that was my saving grace since I opted out of epidural. We 1000% recommend Silvie, dont think twice, she is worth every penny and more!


John Moore11/10/2021Sylvia is the BEST. My wife and I could not recommend her higher. She was referred to us by our OBGYN, and after going thru the labor and delivery process with my wife I understand why. She is a saint, and Sylvie was absolutely invaluable and indispensable. She was available to us at a moments notice. The time, attention, and care she offered was first rate. A direct quote from my wife is "she doesn't know what she would have done without Sylvie." She doesn't need me for the birth of our next child but Sylvie is a MUST. My wife and I cannot say enough about her. You would be lucky to have Sylvie join you for your birthing journey. Thank you Sylvie for everything!!!


Sarah10/25/2021Silvie has been my doula through two pregnancies/births.  She is a wonderfully warm, thoughtful and caring provider.  She was always prompt to return emails, texts and phone calls.  Her services include access to lots of up to date information to optimize nutrition and activity during pregnancy/birth.  During labor she is available and accessable, coming to help as you need.  Throughtout the birth she was able to reduce labor pain and provide compassionate support for both me and my partner.   After birth she is also there as a resource for help/healing and learn about baby massage.  I highly recommend Silvie as a doula!


Jacquie Smith8/8/2021My husband and I knew after we interviewed Silvie that she was exactly the birth doula we needed in order to have the natural birth I wanted. She is truly an amazing birth doula and such a warm and genuine person. She is a wealth of knowledge when it comes to pregnancy, labor, birth and postpartum and goes above and beyond to make sure you are prepared every step of the way. In both her virtual and in person sessions, she walks you through what you need to know, demonstrates with baby props and diagrams, answers all of your questions and leaves you with additional handouts to read on your own. She gives you all of the information you need to feel empowered for your birth. She was always quick to respond to my texts, especially at the end when I was having early labor pains, and made sure that I was keeping my midwives in the loop.During my birth, she helped create the positive, relaxing environment I was looking for and provided my husband with the guidance he needed to support me. Her massage, accupressure points, and humming immensely helped with pain management. She reassured me that my body was doing exactly what it needed so I could bring my sweet little girl into this world. She never took away from the intimate experience I wanted with my husband, but she was always there supporting us. She also took amazing photos of my birth that I will have forever. Lastly, her postpartum visits are incredible. She gives awesome foot rubs (including post birth) and then continues to help support you and your body. We especially loved the baby massage in the final session as a new way to connect with our baby.I highly recommend hiring Silvie as your doula as I've never met someone more passionate and knowledgeable than her. The birth of my daughter was one of the most magical days of my life because of her. Thank you, Silvie!


Chelsea Singer1/28/2021Silvie is incredible and truly a special person. I am so grateful to have had her on my team for two pregancies. I can't imagine navigating another pregnancy and birth without her! She strikes the right balance between being gentle with her advice, while also telling you what you need to hear. She is incredibly knowledgeble. Her calm nature will make you feel like you can do anything. I can't recommend her enough. 


Will Nowak1/26/2021We were introduced to Silvie by a friend, and we were thrilled that we were. Silvie was comforting, knowledgeable, and supportive throughout the pregnancy, laboring, and post partum processes. She exposed us to new ideas and reinforced those strongly held beliefs that she and we shared (e.g. we were not attached to an unmedicated birth, but aspired for one -- an aspiration shared by Silvie). Silvie's ability to support, but provide honest feedback and rely on data was helpful as well. In this way, she earned credability with us, and this provided us a real feeling of stability during the tumult of labor.We would highly recommend Silvie to anyone looking for support in the child birth process.


A&E1/4/2020Silvie is someone we brought into our lives and never wanted to let go! My husband and I went into pregnancy as first time parents with very little support or knowledge about birth. We sought a doula for this purpose and admired Silvie's philosphy and extense experience before asking to work with her. She had such a personalized approach and helped us feel calm and confident on our journey. She has limitless experience about every facet of pregnancy and birth. I have a health condition that considered me "high risk" and Silvie approached my medical needs with curiosity and confidence. She noticed my interest in nutrition and suggested foods and recipes that help build a healthy baby. She provided limitless resources for excellent practitioners (chiropractor, therapist, physical therapist) with whom I have since established great care. When I found out I needed to be induced as a result of my condition Silvie came over and educated us about all of the different scenarios and specifically how she would help us. During labor and delivery Silvie was our greatest advocate and confidant. She promptly arrived at the hospital and stayed by our side with energy, wisdom and continuous ideas for comfort. She was excellent with the nurses and took amazing care of me. I don’t think I could have had a vaginal delivery without her, with many “high risk” odds working against me!Her support didn’t end at the hospital. She came over twice postpartum, continuing to blow us away with her compassion and wisdom. She educated me about caring for my first degree tears, my swelling and some nursing struggles I was having. And she was constantly available for support via text for weeks onward when we needed her most. In our last visit with Silvie she taught us baby massage, which we’ve been using successfully with our baby and love it! Silvie is a rare treasure and the main reason my son, husband and I had a positive birth experience. 


Michelle Dan1/8/2018I had my daughter via c-section a year and a half ago, and knew I needed to find the right doula to help me have a VBAC with my son - Silvie was it. Silvie came recommended by several moms in our community. I called her one evening, and she was at my house the next morning to meet with me and my husband. Other than listening to what we wanted and helping me make a birth plan, all the normal things you expect a doula to do, Silvie went beyond what I expected. I truley felt like I had some one that helped me manage pain during labor, but also a highly educated expert about labor, delivery, postpartum and babies. First and foremost, she gave me the courage to have a VBAC and made me believe in myself (it worked). Second, during our visits before I delivered, she educated me on posture and diet - how to stand, sit and walk around to ensure baby is in optimal position, and what to eat for baby's health and mine. During labor, Silvie was by my side the entire time, from exercises to massages and bringing me anything I needed, she was my advocate, asking the nurses questions when I didn't understand something - she was my true advocate but also friend. Silvie is the doula that we envision when we make the decision to find a doula in the first place: some one that will help with the pain of contractions to the friend that brings us soup when we need it. What i found so uniquely special about Silvie is her priority to take care of the mom before, during and after delivery. She was so attentive to what I needed before I even realized I needed it. She is a gift.


Jen Aiello6/1/2016I had the very distinct pleasure of working with Silvie for the birth of my beautiful son, Brandon, on May 12th.  I'd located Silive by means of Google search, but she was also highly recommended by my birthing class instructor as well as my lactation consultant.   The package we had signed up for provided us with two prenatal visits, labor, delivery and two postpartum visits.  Silvie was very compassionate and attentive, having listened and understood mine and my husband's plans for how we envisioned the birth of our baby; we were hoping for an unmediated, non-intervention birth, which we were able to accomplish to what I wholly attribute to Silvie and her calm, caring nature and presence by my bedside during labor.  As she was aware of what our wishes were she was able to help us assure that we were well-informed in the delivery room when gametime decisions were needed to be made in the heat of the moment.  I recall looking up to her at a moment when I felt exceptionally weak and vulnerable, questioning my thoughts against an epidural, and asking her if she flet I could do this, meaning continue without pain medication.  She looked down at me in the kindest way possible, and in her calm, serene voice just said yes I could, and I trusted her.  I'm so happy I did.  I gave birth to a beautiful, healthy, calm, aleat baby boy after less than 7 hours of labor, less than 4 of those hours spent at the hospital.My words cannot adequately convey the amount of appreciation, respect and gratitude I have for Silvie; she is not only a master of her craft, she is a genuinely sweet and caring human being.


Veronica Hunter8/26/2013Silvie was my doula for the 41 week VBAC homebirth of my 9lb daughter. Silvie was amazing! She was always there to support me in my times of need and her support was skillfully tailored to me, my husband, and the situation. Additionally the depth and breadth of information she shared with me, both prenatal and postnatal, was impressive and very much exceeded my expectations.  I loved the birth log she wrote up to summarize the birth with her words, pics, and my e-mails or texts I had sent her. I would HIGHLY recommend her.