DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
21 TESTIMONIALS

Simone Junious

PEARLS Holistic Doula:CLD, EpiDoula, CPD, CLC

Baldwin, NY  Service range 15 miles  Bridges/tolls require extra fees

7185640799

https://www.pearlsconsulting.net/doula-services

Birth Fee

$2000 to $3250

Postpartum Rate

$60

Black Doula Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

Availability Remarks: Please feel free to schedule a free 30 minute consultation with me via my website https://www.pearlsconsulting.net/doula-services

CONTACT SIMONE VIEW SIMONE'S AVAILABILITY

T’shara3/15/2023Where can I start? Simone was a godsend! She's now like a big sister to me. As a first time mom, I didn't know what to expect or what to do to prepare myself for a natural birth. Upon learning about the mortality rate of black women during childbirth, I wanted to be proactive. When I met Simone, she guided my boyfriend and I on what to do to ensure we have a smooth birth with little to no interventions. I was extremely scared because I did not want a C-section and it seems like that was the go to these days. Simone guided me through my weekly walks and checked in on me to ensure I was staying hydrated. On the day my daughter was born Simone stayed with me the entire time and kept encouraging me throughout the whole birthing process. When we got home from the hospital my boyfriend said having Simone with us was one of the best decisions we've made because he had no idea on what to do. If you're looking for someone who's nurturing, caring and understanding- look no further- Simone is the best person. I still reach out to her for tips because motherhood is a journey but it's worth it when you have the right support. 


Amayra3/15/2023I gave birth to my second child in December 2022. While pregnant, I wanted to hire a doula again. My husband felt we didn’t need a doula since I gave birth before. I’m glad I listened to my intuition because I felt there may be a chance this second pregnancy may not be like the first, and boy…it definitely wasn’t! I felt like I was in labor longer. Contractions came and went and Simone provided great tips to progress the contractions. Once we were in the hospital, Simone helped out so much with different positions and coping techniques to deal with the pain. She also got my husband involved with assisting. Having my husband with me was great but having the additional support that Simone provided gave me the extra relief and security I needed. I’m so glad I chose Simone to be part of my birthing experience. 


Sierra P.3/9/2023Simone is phenomenal!She's relatable!She's knowledgeable!She has a calming aura!She's soft spoken yet stern!She has 20+ years of experience & has been present for 40+ births!She's very knowledgeable & a true educator! I chose Simone to be my doula & I’m so happy I did. She was a significant component of my wonderful birth story.


Roshell11/29/2022Where to even begin with Simone... She truly was our rock and safe space during my pregnancy, labor and delivery, and postpartum. Simone is informed (most important for me), warm, friendly, confident, and meeted us where we were at every step of the way. Just some of of the benefits she brought with her: Came to our home and spent time getting to know my husband and I, which I think really helped in getting to know our distinct personalities so she knew how to support both of us. Taught us positions to flip our baby (which he did flip), to help with labor pains, and to help my partner help me relax. Was available at all times to answer any of our questions Was always honest and positive reinforcement for me (especially) as I was a bit anxious at all timesDuring labor Simone explained every single step and option that was being presented to us. She did many different positions with me to help ease labor pains. Worked closely with my husband and mom to show them how to best support me. Following csection, she got our baby to latch immediately and taught me what to do. She continuously checked in (still does! A month later) and answered all our questions. I wanted as little medical intervention as possible. When it was clear that our son was not dropping at all and none of the inductions were working, at the advice of the doctors, midwives, and with the support of Simone, we had a csection. This shift in my "plan" could have been very stressful, but with the support of Simone, it truly was not. We trusted that she had mine and our sons best interest in mind. I can't say enough about this woman and the support she provided our family. This is her calling. She is a natural nurterer and it was easy to let her hold us. Thank you for everything, Simone!!!! 


Raquel11/28/2022My experience is indirect as I was mostly an observer in the delivering of my Grandson.  My daughter and her husband had selected Simone before I flew in from California to be present for my dauhgters labor and delivery. I met Simone just before our trip to the hospital.  Initial impression: Confident and Informed.This was momentus as this was my daughter's first delivery.  We did not know how her delivery would go but  hoped there would be no surprises.   Well, after three days of labor and minimal dialiation my daughter, son-in-law and doctors agreed to have a C-section.  Therer was confusion, fear and limited time to make decisions. During this time, my daughter and son-in-law looked to Simone for support and guidance.This was a beautiful exchange of tears, laughter and most importantly, the right decisions.  Simone was the breath of fresh air in the room.  Her voice was calming and she consistently listened to what words/actions were spoken and unspoken.   Simone never judged.  She guided.  She never made a decision for the family.  She facilitated their wishes. Very important.Simone was the calm and reassuring voice in the room that kept us all empathetic, clear headed and supportive.My daughter, son-in-law and beautiful baby boy are safe, healhty and so happy!I've been a social worker for over 32 years and have not witnessed someone as skilled and intuitive as Simone.  She is an angel with invisible wings.   


Alicia Conaty5/24/2022Simone was absolutely amazing to work with. This was our first child, and as a black woman, it was important for me to be able to find a doula who would understand my apprehension with the medical field. Simone was able to calm my fears of childbirth and gave me holistic alternatives as an option. She helped me learn to advocate for myself and always made it feel like my husband and I had someone else in our corner. I definitely would encourage anyone to work with Simone as their doula. She is a straight shooter and will honestly tell you how things can be. And she will always lookout for the best interest of the mother and the baby. She also provides a space of nonjudgement and allows the pregnant couple to take the lead.My husband and I loved working with Simone, and if we have another baby, I'm sure without a doubt, we will call up Simone to be our doula again.


Lisanne5/23/2022After interviewing a few doulas- I just knew Simone was "the one". She was super professional, organized, and most importantly responsive. She provided constructive feedback without pressuring any decisions. We not only gained a doula, but we now consider her family! Although my birth experience didn't go as personally planned, her unmatched support, nevertheless, was so appreciated (esp the teas and supplements she was able to provide). We love you Simone! We can't thank you enough! Until next time .. lol 


Cemonea3/7/2022Simone is the best doula to grace this earth. She is heaven sent. She has been an asset to our pregnancy and delivery experience. I would absolutely recommend her to every pregnant mom looking to have a delightful and educated journey to motherhood. She remembered every small detail and unique part about me, my partner and the birthing experience we longed to have. She provided the best classes and best support system and exceeded my expectations. Her postpartum support was extremely appreciated and she got me through some very tough days as a new mom. We love you Simone!! I'd have 1000000 more babies just so you can spoil me, as you have!


Rita Kutner2/14/2022Simone helped me deliver my second child, a healthy baby boy about a month ago :-) She was extremely helpful and professional, both during the virtual appts and throughout the delivery. I was induced and she provided me with helpful tips to aid the induction process. My entire labor took less than 24 hours. Things happened pretty quickly and Simone was still able to get to the hospital on time to help with the delivery, and then she stayed afterwards to help me nurse for the first time. Post-birth, she's continued to provide valuable breastfeeding support, and with her help nursing has been much better than it was with my first. She treated us like family, and was a calming presence at a very stressful time (I gave birth during the height of the Omicron wave and was positive for COVID during my delivery). I highly recommend working with her! 


Stefanie Bassaragh1/30/2022Simone was an amazing doula, and addition to our labor team. We felt safe and protected having Simone around, as she did everything in her power to protect our peace and execute our birth plan as best as possible. She provided a sense of comfort and security, and kept us well informed every step of the way. I honestly don't know how we would have managed without her, and we are so grateful to have had Simone as our doula. Even after giving birth Simone provided additional post-partum support and went the extra mile to help us feel secure and comfortable with adjusting to our new lifestyle. 100% would recommend Simone to anyone looking for additional labor or post-partum support.


Journee Wyatt1/7/2022Simone was truly a blessing. I began my search for a doula late in my pregnancy and was hopeful to find someone to accommodate me & thank God Simone happened to open up her availability. She was professional, friendly, COMFORTING, and always pleasant. She helped build my confidence for delivery and not at one moment made me feel uncomfortable. She was forward when she needed to be. Her advice was always on point. My birth was exactly as I imagined and I felt sooo supported. Simone supported me in ways I truly couldn't have asked for. I'm so lucky to have met her and for help to bless my growing family. Thank God for Simone. 


Melaine Morgan10/26/2021BOOK SIMONE JUNIOUS AS YOUR DOULA ALERT: I'm writing a book for this one because Simone was literally the glue that my boyfriend and I needed in order to get through this pregnancy experience! We were new to this whole thing and becoming new parents. I can't even imagine going through this process without her. From the first time we hopped on a Zoom call to meet Simone, the chemistry was immediately there and we just knew she was the one for the job! She was not only very knowledgeable and answered my hundreds of questions (even if I repeated them a few times), but I could tell that she took her job seriously and cared for her clients like family. I felt completely comfortable with her at one of the most vulnerable times of my life, and I knew she had my family's best interest heart!On this journey to becoming a new mom, Simone really took her time to explain the benefits of keeping things as natural as possible. She taught me about the benefits of delayed cord clamping, breastfeeding, etc. Learning to listen to my body and acting accordingly was new for me, but Simone was there every step of the way to remind me that "my body knows what to do." That line in intself is what helped me get through my birthing experience without any medication. Simone was my biggest cheerleader!It's funny because I heard of doulas, but it wasn't until I met Simone that I really understood the true value of having a doula--especially as a Black woman.She's really the best of the best & anyone that has her as a doula is truly lucky! I'd recommend her to all the  pregnant mommies out there! Do yourself a favor, and get Simone as your doula because I'll definitely be booking her again for the next baby.


LaToya J.10/22/2021Simone is patient, knowledgeable, supportive and calming. She pushed me when needed and comforted me during the hard times. I appreciate her being my advocate when the hospital staff was pushy and disregarded my wishes and best interests.


Stephanie T10/22/2021Having a doula for the birth of my second child was great. Simone was calm, knowledgeable, supportive and helped me have the birth that I had imagined for myself. My family is now complete, but I'd recommend her to any expectant mom.


Ashley M.10/22/2021Simone was very professional yet felt like a close family member. She made me feel super prepared during my pregnancy, for labor and my 4th trimester. With the classes she prepared us with, I was able to make confident decisions in the L&D room regarding our care. I also loved that I was able to text her wIth any questions anytime. She made helpful suggestions on everything before  the baby arrived regarding his care and even afterwards when we had breastfeeding difficulties. If I can be guaranteed a girl, I'll hire again for the next go around!


Chenise G10/22/2021Amazing experience! Thorough from beginning to end, I would recommend for all expecting mothers. Pre and postpartum care was amazing, still reach out from time to time to this day!


Ray R10/22/2021My husband and I hired Simone as our doula right before the pandemic hit in March of 2020.  It was the best decision we made.  We did the full package and it was a blessing to have Simone there every step of the way to answer all of my questions and concerns.  I was having my first baby and really did not know what to expect.  Simone gave me tons of holistic suggestions, but also did a great job of listening to everything that I wanted for my pregnancy.  I felt completely comfortable and was able to be vulnerable with Simone which goes a long way during a time like your pregnancy.  I even sent her pictures of what I thought was my mucus plug passing lol (I was THAT comfortable with her).  Simone really earned her keep during L & D.  She was there every step of the way rubbing me, making sure I had everything I needed the entire time and she kept the essential oils flowing in the room.  My husband and her were a great team in the delivery room and we even had nurses sneaking into our room to catch the vibes we had set (my husband had created a great music playlist).  Simone is all about energy and vibes and she was a great fit for our family.  I couldn't imagine giving birth without her.  If I have a second baby Simone will be there.  I felt safe and I felt like I had the best possible advocate.  If you are looking for someone that will be your birth warrior, keep you informed, answer your texts at all hours of the night, and become an extension of your family, Simone is the person for you.  It is over a year later and my family still keeps in contact with Simone.  Whenever I have a question or need a resource I tend to check with Simone first.  Look no further, you have found the right Doula!


Diana Wong10/22/2021I was worried that we wouldn't be able to afford a doula but Simone was able to work with us. Simone was so good during labor, and I had a long one too! She found the acupressure points that actually triggered contractions for me, and gave me advice about when to increase or decrease pitocin. She also followed up with me several times after birth even though that was not part of the package. Since we're first time parents we were really clueless, we couldn't have done it without Simone!


Janelle Brown10/19/2021 I came across Simone when searching for a doula in late 2020. She responded promptly and set up a free consultation. During our consultation, Simone put my mind at ease. It was clear that she had the experience and professionalism I was looking for. Simone was in ongoing communication with me and encouraged me to call or contact her. From the beginning she made it clear that she was not just there to support me but my family.Simone accommodated by offering us both virtual and in person sessions. She provided us informative and engaging classes that discussed pregnancy, labor and delivery, breast-feeding, and newborn care.She made recommendations on herbs, exercises, diet, and birthing supplies.Each session ended with me feeling more prepared.On the day of my labor ,She coached me through breathing techniques and positioning to further active labor. Her coaching and support allowed me to labor at home saving me hours in a hospital. Ultimately,We achieved our primary goal of giving birth to a healthy baby with a healthy mother and our secondary goal to deliver vaginally with minimal interventions and no medication.There’s no way I would have achieved this without her support. Her calm caring demeanor and professional skill allowed me to feel confident,supported, and focused. After delivery she provided me with a warming tea and set up my placenta encapsulation! She never made our experience feel rushed and was 100% present throughout our labor and delivery. In the days that followed, Simone video chatted and visited in person to assist me in trouble shooting some breastfeeding techniques . In short, Simone was integral in me having the birthing experience I wanted! I would recommend her services to anyone! She is invaluable and working with her was amazing! She gave us an “a to beyond z” experience and I will always be grateful to her!


Tiayana Logan10/18/2021WOW ! Where do I begin ? Simone is literally the best doula I could have ever asked for. I interviewd 5 doulas before meeting Simone, and realizing we were 100% in alignment around thinking, and the care in which I would need to bring my healthy sunshine into the world. Simone, was very informative, patient, caring, communicative, advocate for me when needed, and nuturing during my entire process. While words cannot begin to express in the short amount of time how phenomenal she is, I have anyone know reading my testimonal, you will not regret having Simone as a Doula. During my birth, Simone took a matter of a few minutes to get to me, and did not miss a beat, nor did she take a break ! She stayed with me through the wire, and ensured that I was cared for the entire way. We manifested together my birthing plan and ensured that it was followed step by step. I am thankful to have had Simone for my pregnancy, my sunshine birth, and my postpartum care. It truly has been a blessing. Her will to be open minded, and have amazing wisdom, and expertise lead my partner and I, to be confident and comfortable about our journey to birth at home. 


KristiAnne Francis10/18/2021With my second child, I decided to have a home birth with a midwife and a doula. My first child was born in the hospital, with a traditional OB/GYN, no doula, and I had an epidural. I can honestly say I would not have been able to have such a smooth and relatively fast birth without Simone's unwavering support. As soon as my contractions were close enough, she came to my home. She was ready to support me in any and every way. Simone was more like a coach to me. She had me do several techniques to help my labor progress. She had me walk up and down my stairs, and doing lunges during every contraction in order to help the labor move along. She had me use my labor ball, she used aromatherapy, massage, and also incorporated acupressure points when my labor got really intense. Aside from pushing me and being encouraging when I needed her the most, she was also excellent at knowing when to just let me be in the moment and let my husband support me. Simone was also a great support for my husband as well, as he told me later he was feeling overwhelmed. But I wouldn't have known otherwise. She also worked very well with my midwife and her assistant; they all made a wonderful team. I couldn't have asked for a better birthing experience. Simone was also very supportive before and after the birth. She gave us tips on how to encourage labor days before the actual birth, checked in with us daily as my due date was approaching, and she was at my home after the birth to help with lactation support and general newborn care. She is kind, warm, funny, very knowledgeable, and very giving; I felt that I could text her anytime with any concerns and she always gave a quick response. I truly loved having Simone as our doula, I would definitely use her again in the future and highly recommend her! 