DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Simone Colbert

Doula

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn and Manhattan

19177955397

Birth Fee

Not specified

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $55

Black Doula

CONTACT SIMONE VIEW SIMONE'S AVAILABILITY

Afia Frimpong12/1/2022Simone was an amazing doula and supported my spouse and i during the birth of our first son. Her energy is always inviting and she's such a great support person 


Shanya10/2/2022Simone was a rock during labor & delivery. She was always one call away if I needed her for any questions or concerns, & overall made the birthing experience so much smoother. I don't know what my partner and I would've done without her. From the day we met the connection was great she is such a genuine, gentle & loving soul; just what you need for such a personal life experience. I would love for her to join us again with any future pregnancies and I will refer her to all family and friends. 


Shana Pereira9/29/2022Simone is truly heaven sent. She was referred by a good friend and Simone is the epitome of what my friend described. Loving, nurturing, kind, encouraging, empathetic and the list goes on.... Simone was there within hours as promised and stayed with us all the way. She did home visits and check on us and we still stay in contact to this day (my daughter is 2). I love Simone and would recommend her to anyone in need of an amazing doula! 


Ambreen9/28/2022Simone was my doula for my first pregnancy and man, the things she taught me/ supported me through were great! She was reliable, kind and not afraid to do the work of a supportive doula. She also helped me post partum and I feel really indebted for her support. She is a wonderful person and I'm glad to see she is supporting other women on their birthing journey. Simone assisted by attending doctors appointments, coming over during labor and giving me massages to assist with the pain, taking pictures of the birth and running errands adter the baby was born. 


Sherry Edwards-Cadet9/28/2022Ms.Colbert is such a wonderful, friendly, kind, loving and calm doula anyone could ever ask for, did I mention she gives the best back rub ever ??.I had an exceptional experience with Simone dont think I could of gone through labor without her by my side. I Would highly recommend Ms. Simone Colbert she is the best!