DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
4 TESTIMONIALS

Tanesha Clenkian

Nurturingwomb Garden

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  No ferries

Birth Fee

$1000 to $2000

Black Doula Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

CONTACT TANESHA VIEW TANESHA 'S AVAILABILITY

Emily Abreu6/23/2023My experience having Tanesha as my Doula has been educational, refreshing and comforting. She was by my side throughout the whole laboring process, providing distractions, massages, teaching my partner how to best comfort me, working with him to make the whole experience manageable, and of course providing ice chips for me on demand whenever I asked. When every medical professional who was involved in my care doubted I'd be able to deliver naturally and without a c-section, Tanesha believed in me. She fed me words of encouragement and empowered me whenever I was ready to give up, and when we realized the doctors were talking C-section, she and my partner kicked it into high gear and made me do exercises to stimulate my baby's movement downwards into the right cm & station to prepare me for labor. I went in on a Monday at 8am and delivered, vaginally, a beautiful baby girl the following day at 7:14pm, and I could not have done this without Tanesha. 100% would recommend. 


Christine3/17/2023I was against a doula at first but then I met Tanesha in clinic & she sold me on conversation alone ! She made me feel comfortable with opening up to her about the pregnancy & the birth plan . She was so supportive and stuck by my side every step of the way ! When doctors was ignoring me she made sure my voice was heard !! She's the best & I wouldn't of had it any other way even after my twins where born she was still checking in !!! If your looking for a doula make sure you ask for Tanesha you will not be disappointed!!! ??????


Lwendo Accra3/6/2023Tanesha Clenkian was amazing, she was definitely supportive and helpful. Her back rubs was great,at first I was scared but she did a great job in control my mood, making me feel calm and ready. I had second thought on having a doula ,but with tanesha I did not regret it. Thank you Miss Clenkian 5 stars.


Denise1/27/2023Tanesha is such an amazing doula. she always made sure I was comfortable. And treated right and fair. Tanesha Made my experience even more great. I am grateful she was my doula..5 STARS 