DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Tara Rice

Joyful Birth!

Farmington, NY  Service range 75 miles  I charge a travel fee (current IRS rate) for round trips exceeding 50 miles.

(585) 530-0089

https://www.joyfulbirth.us

Birth Fee

$1200

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $35

CONTACT TARA VIEW TARA'S AVAILABILITY

Elise10/22/2022My spouse and I would unreservedly recommend Tara's doula services to anyone about to embark on the scary, messy, intimidating, joyful journey of pregnancy, birth, and new parenthood. Tara was an especially good fit for us because I was anxious about several aspects of the labor process, and my spouse has a pretty severe phobia of blood + needles, so we both wanted an extra support person in the room. From our first meeting to our final postpartum one, she went above-and-beyond our expectations, spending several hours with us in each home visit, leading us through interactive exercises, worksheets, and packets of useful information that showcased her vast training, and bringing us homemade food. As a scientist, I really appreciated her unique combination of rigorous, research-based guidelines and holistic approach to emotionally supporting both of us and caring for our well-being as if we were old friends. Although my labor did not go according to the birth plan we'd carefully crafted together (mainly because of several unexpected health issues), Tara's ability to adapt to the twists and turns of our hospital visit and provide a steady, supportive voice throughout the process was invaluable and certainly allowed us to heal, physically and psychologically, much better than we would have without her.


Angela Bedient2/24/2014Having Tara's support before, during and after the birth of our son made all the difference in the world!  Tara is an extremely knowledgeable support system and cares about what she is doing with all her heart.My husband and I are forever grateful to her for the experience and positive energy that she brought to the labor.  Tara's calm demeaner and confidence definitely contributed to the completely successful homebirth of our son.We can't thank her enough and I would highly reccomend Tara to anyone whether they are having a home or hospital birth.


Leia Heidt2/16/2014Working with Tara was an amazing experience. I recommend her services to everyone I know who is expecting. I was her first client with gestational diabetes, but I would never have known that if she hadn't told me. She was continuously researching for me on this and provided unconditional support and encouragement during a complicated pregnancy. My first pregnancy was traumatic for me; my second was positive and supportive and I felt a lot better about my birth experience. Tara played a huge part in that. She definitely went above and beyond for me, and this means more to me than I can even express.