DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
10 TESTIMONIALS

Tata Milan

Neula Doula

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens  I also support families in New Jersey

https://www.neuladoula.com

Birth Fee

Not specified

Black Doula

CONTACT TATA VIEW TATA'S AVAILABILITY

T.B.7/18/2023Once I got pregnant, I knew I wanted a doula because I didn’t want my husband to be the only support person in the room. I wanted to take some pressure off him because I know how labor can be. I wanted someone that would advocate for me and that had the knowledge of birth to make the process somewhat easier for me. I found Tata through a Tiktok and once I had my first meeting with her I knew she was the one. She was young, relatable, and felt more like a friend than a mom telling me what to do. Throughout pregnancy she was always available through text and answered any questions I had. She always made suggestions and the conversation always felt like I was talking to a friend. When I went into labor, Tata came to my house in a prompt manner and got to work. When we got to the hospital, she held my hand and guided me through breathing with every contraction. I got to 8 cm then I wanted an epidural. When I wanted an epidural, she let me know it was okay even though I felt bad about it. When baby’s heart rate was going down and the heart rate monitor wouldn’t stay on, Tata held in in place for a while, while I slept so I wouldn’t have to. I vomited 7x and Tata was there with vomit bags and tissues. When the nurse came in and said they may consider me for a C-section, Tata talked to me about advocating for myself and my baby and my ability. With Tata’s help (as well as my amazing medical team), I pushed baby down 2 stations and out in an hour, as a first-time mom. Everyone was singing my praises on how well I handled labor and a lot of that was because of the prep Tata provided and the support she gave me through labor. Thank you, TATA <3My birth experience in 3 words… Long, Positive & Challenging  


Arisa Savoca3/25/2023My birth described in 3 words: Unexpected, Fast, and Incredible.Tata has been an amazing doula support throughout pregnancy, birth, and postpartum. The birth of our baby was super fast and we didn't have the chance to use any of the tools that she showed us. But having her by my side for the last stage of pushing helped me get through it. Tata, thank you for everything! I'll recommend you to anyone who's looking for a doula.


Nilaja G.1/5/2023My birth described in 3 words...Amazing, Empowering and Prepared! Tata is now family. My partner and I could not be more grateful for her professionalism and knowledge. One of the scariest moments being a first-time mom turned out to be one of the happiest moments. Why you may ask? Because I was in tune with my mind, body, and soul. I now have a healthy baby girl! My birthing plan followed through as I envisioned with Tata's assistance. No medication, might I add! I became one with my baby and body. Tata, I cannot thank you enough! With love from Nilaja, Fatimah & baby Rosie <3  


Shana F.11/5/2022Tata was great and helped keep me in the zone. She empowered me while not taking over and being very pushy. She had a full bag of tricks for whatever I would need through the process. I loved that she set up the room with candles. It made me be able to get into my zone. 


Tiara Sanders10/13/2022From the very first meeting I had with Tata, I knew she would be a great fit for me. As this was my first pregnancy, I feel she helped make this process smooth and was always able to answer any questions I had. Although things didn't go as planned in the end, she never left my side and I appreciate her for that. Can't wait to work with her again and I will forever recommend her services! :)


Brittany Reese7/12/2022My physical and mental health during my first trimester was the worse it’s ever been. I felt as though nobody understood what I was going through. After feeling hopeless that things will get better, I began looking into Black doulas located in NYC. I was then recommended to Tata by another young mom. After I had my consultation with Tata I knew she was the one. I went with my gut feeling and I knew this is who I needed in my corner and I wasn’t wrong. Preparing for labor is like the olympics especially for a first time mama, but with the help of Tata I felt super prepared. From day 1 she gave me all the information I could ever need. The book recommendations were amazing and has taught me so much. The journal that was recommended was also amazing because it helped me self reflect and look within and whenever I would go through my mood swings, the journal was perfect! Tata also made sure I was in attendance at almost every childbirth, and breastfeeding class. She literally didn’t miss a beat! I was able to learn so much and this better prepared me for labor. Throughout this whole process, Tata was my google. She answered every question I asked, which I truly appreciated. My favorite thing about our journey together was the yoga on the weekends, this was a great way for me to unwind and release any tension or negative energy in my body. I was able to center myself which helped me mentally and allowed for a stronger connection with baby Ryder. Hiring Tata was one of my greatest investments!! To have the support and advocacy from another Black women was something that I wanted and received throughout my pregnancy journey. I wouldn’t trade my experience for anything! Love, Brittany + Ryder


Sade Grant4/3/2022The perfect puzzle piece to pregnancy is Tata Milan! Quickly, efficiently, and lovingly the “Neula Doula” practice by Tata is the best thing I needed. From the beginning the communication and expectations are clear. The education she provided gave me the knowledge and confidence to have my first child all natural! From birthing centers to midwives she was able to help me curate my pregnancy care and adapt to any curveball while providing an unforgettable experience.Tata Milan is there for you in support in such a way I believe all moms AND dads deserve. Tata gave my partner great coaching as well to help me every step of the way. My partner was able to support me in knowledgeable ways the whole pregnancy & labor through! She was a dream during my active labor at home with me so much that i dilated 6 cm by the time I got to the hospital (she helped me choose) all i had to do was push!Lastly, if not for Tata I would not have the courage to be pregnant again. I am so grateful for her kindness and care, Neula Doula made me a super hero!


Bintou Jobarteh1/13/2022n a short period of time, Tata has taught me so much. I quickly became familiar with the language surrounding childbirth to make informed decisions. I choose Tata because she prioritized me and made sure I could have the birth experience I dreamt of. Of course, plans change, but we stuck to the plan as much as we could. She affirmed me every step of the way. Truly, the outcome surprised me because I never thought I would be able to birth Lotus without an epidural. Please do not hesitate. She is the one!


Kelly Snider10/27/2021So I have to start this review by saying that if you are “thinking” about having Tata as your doula: DO NOT HESITATE To go through with it!Tata is extremely consistent & professional. She literally remembered everything from the very first meeting we had. She made sure that things were exactly how I wanted it to be. From medical practice preferences to my favorite snacks. I felt so safe & comfortable with her. I had a very painful labor and she honestly made it better. Just dealing with my horrible attitude during labor pains is enough to give her the highest form of recommendation! I was so lucky to have her as a doula. Not to mention just how awesome her personality is. Truly the perfect doula 


Carolynne10/5/2021We were introduced to Tata through our babysitter at the time, who we trusted and loved, so we felt more comfortable than we would have if we'd found a Doula elsewhere. It's worth saying that we were unsure about having a stranger with us at first as it's such a personal experience but looking back it's the best thing we could have done. Tata was our Doula for our second child. Having had a lengthy and arduous delivery the first time we knew the pressure and added strain of only having two of us there. Tata was an angel! I was in labor for almost 19 hours, with my contractions pretty much 5 mins apart from the start! She came to our house and helped me labor for over 6 hrs at home. Something so simple as rubbing my feet was immensely helpful. We were her first birth and she was tireless. She even helped me from the delivery bed to the toilet and didn't bat an eyelid. not only was she a a huge support to me but she was a rock and a sounding board for my husband when hard decisions were needed re. The birth of our daughter. She was there to give him a break when he needed but also knew when to stand down if required. looking back we wish we'd known Tata when we had our first daughter. She is sweet, kind and gentle yet empowering and determined. Love her! 