DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
17 TESTIMONIALS

Tinaya Jean

Your Hood Doula NYC

Bronx, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island  Travel fee for Queens, Staten Island, & outside of NYC families.

https://instagram.com/yourhooddoula

Birth Fee

$1250 to $1750

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $60

Black Doula Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

Availability Remarks: Feel free to set up a free consultation to hear more about what I offer! While waiting for a response, check out my Instagram highlights for a small glimpse as well :) .. Hope to speak soon familyyy!

CONTACT TINAYA VIEW TINAYA'S AVAILABILITY

Tina3/22/2023I cannot thank Tinaya enough for being extremely flexible, adaptable and personable! This was my first experience with labor and delivery and she made it very pleasant! She asked for my opinion, actively listened and shared her recommendations. She is very knowledgeable and patient! Everything was up in the air and last minute but thankfully she was able to accommodate! I am grateful that she was present, able to translate medical jargon and effectively communicate with doctors and healthcare professionals.


Jabria Ragin3/21/2023My experience with Tinaya Jean has been amazing. She has provided excellent above and beyond support to me emotionally, physically, mentally, and socially. Throughout my high risk pregnancy it has not been easy to understand and comprehend the difficulties, however Tinaya has provided relief to my worries. She is my friend, my sister, and my patience and even now during postpartum I enjoy her company and help me tips on getting things done In a easy way while caring and loving myself. Thank you Tinaya I wish to have you in my future pregnancies as well. 


Christopher Estrella3/21/2023Super nice and super helpful when went above and beyond and making this just a chrishable experience 


Lia Barcacel3/21/2023The best Doula ever I'm so grateful that she was here helping me throughout my pregnancy I had a great birth experience and I know it was because of her support. I could text her at any time and she would be there providing support and giving me tips she would go above and beyond, she advocated for me and she made sure my birth plan was followed. 


Michele2/26/2023I can't say enough good things about Tinaya. She supported me as a friend with knowledge and compassion. She gave me a great prenatal exercise routine, birth plan, pain management techniques, and labor positions. She is flexible and goes the extra mile to create a safe amazing birth space in the home and in the hospital with aromatherapy, affirmation cards, advice, and comfort techniques. She helped me get my stalled labor going with appropriate exercises and provided amazing physical and psychological support during my long but positive labor experience.


Ahmendeyyah Menkarayzz11/30/2022~ First Thanks again Tinaya for being so supportive and a positive force during my strenuous home birth! I know it was a lot for you! Thanks for staying patient and focused. You are truly appreciated.~Tinaya was soooo helpful during my super long and trialing labor. (48ish hours to be exact!) She literally waited on me hand & foot the entire time. Even when I could tell she was just as exhausted as I was. ( My baby took FOREVER to make her grand arrival! ) Tinaya stayed patient and optimistic while I was literally loosing it! She was such an intricate and key part to my birth team, I literally don't think I would've been able to keep my sanity during the whole labor without her! She massaged me with oils, provided me hot packs, helped clean, gave me motivational words, got me water/tea, held my legs while my baby came down & just so much more. If you are thinking of hiring her to support you during your birth, JUST DO IT!!! If I'm in NYC, for my next birth, It's a no brainer for me! You will not be disappointed. I'm eternally grateful for you Tinaya on helping bring in my first baby, keep doing the work! ????????


Dalencia9/30/2022Although I only have one child and this was my first experience with a doula, this was the best birthing experience. I was nervous about giving birth the moment I found out I was pregnant. From my first contraction to post birth Tinaya was there for me. I told her epidural was my very last resort, and she helped me manage my pain in so many unique ways, up until I couldn't handle it anymore, and even then she was right there holding my hands while getting the epidural. She was truly my advocate when I couldn't speak and made sure my birth plan was executed. As a black woman my biggest fear was not being heard or not understanding what was going on. But with Tinaya, I felt like all I needed to focus on was myself and the baby. But even before giving birth she helped me physically and mentally be prepared for birth. I wish doulas were more commonly know, and more accessible. 


Dalencia9/29/2022Although I only have one child and this was my first experience with a doula, this was the best birthing experience. I was nervous about giving birth the moment I found out I was pregnant. From my first contraction to post birth Tinaya was there for me. I told her epidural was my very last resort, and she helped me manage my pain in so many unique ways, up until I couldn't handle it anymore, and even then she was right there holding my hands while getting the epidural. She was truly my advocate when I couldn't speak and made sure my birth plan was executed. As a black woman my biggest fear was not being heard or not understanding what was going on. But with Tinaya, I felt like all I needed to focus on was myself and the baby. But even before giving birth she helped me physically and mentally be prepared for birth. I wish doulas were more commonly know, and more accessible. 


Mella J.9/29/2022Where Do I Begin ? Tinaya Is The BEST Doula I Could Have Ever Had. She's Been So Supportive & Amazing Since The First Time I Spoke With Her On Ft ! We Would Do Yoga & Dancing Exercises Throughout Our Sessions. The Day Of My Birth, I Had To Have A C-Section & Let Me Tell You, Tinaya Was There , Holding My Hand , Literally , The Whole Time ??. I'll Forever Be Grateful For Tinaya & All She's Done , Not Just For Me But My Little Family. I Love Her So Much ! If You're Looking For A Doula , She's The Best ! She's Literally Prepared For Every & Any Situation ??


Dyneisha Brown4/22/2022I first found out what a Doula was from a popular youtuber about 3 hrs ago and ever since then, I started researching more about it before I even thought about having a baby lol. I began my search for my Doula when I was around 5m pregnant April 2021. After doing a few interviews, I finally came across Tinaya. Tinaya's energy was everything!! She made me feel like I was talking to one of my friends which was a great feeling. Not only that, she always made sure to listen and answer any questions that I had. The day that I had to be induced, Tinaya was already at the hospital before I even arrived... ready for action!! During the 25 laboring process, Tinaya made sure that I was comfortable as best as she could. She barely wanted to sleep even though I insisted that she close her eyes for a few lol but that's how amazing she is! This will now forever be my friend and Doula of my future kids ?? 


Lynn Garner3/30/2022I had an amazing birth experience, in a hospital! My first birth was at home and I was stressing over having to go to the hospital. The Doula services calmed all my anxiety and helped me prepare for Labor Day! She went above and beyond to support my pregnancy and birth, from working out with me to just letting me talk about all my worries!! She was my second Doula experience and I want to say having a doula is a must! I had 2 births, in one year, both amazing experiences! She makes me want to have another baby just for the experience... but then she's going to have to take the baby home with her.. I have enough kids lol


Sharel'le Olivier3/29/2022Tinaya is one of the BEST doula's in the world! Tinaya helped me to trust myself and my body to do exactly what it knew to do. Tinaya eased lot of my fears and concerns. She was always a text/call/facetime away even when I found myself hospitalized at 29 Weeks while she was on vacation. I was alone and scared out of mind, she stayed on the phone with me for hours through it all. We discussed my birth plan thoroughly and she encouraged me to advocate for myself which is very important as the struggles of African American birthing women are well known. Our sessions together helped me to stay active and in tune with my body and baby. Also in realizing me and my mental health mattered just as much as my baby.  At 37 weeks I had to switch OB-GYN's because she constantly shamed me and made me feel as though I was failing my baby for not doing everything she suggested. I suffered from persistent abdominal pain due to uterine fibroids and was told I needed to suck it up.  Tinaya was there through it all. Sending me affirmations, words of encouragement, and any resources she came across.  I labored at home for about 10 hours before realizing it was time to go to the hospital. Within two hours she was there, advocating and supporting me! Even though my partner was there, I truly could not have done it without her. 6 hours later to the sounds of "Hello" by Erykah Badu, my daughter came into the world! Tinaya captured the moment so beautifully for my partner and myself and stayed to make sure I was well taken care of by the staff after. She continued to check-in and support me throughout my post-partum experience which was ROUGH and to this day still does so! My family and I are so grateful for Tinaya and all that she did to ensure I had the healthiest pregnancy I could and safe delivery of our little one! 


Lola Onilenla1/31/2022Tinaya was my doula during my 2nd pregnancy. I found her on instagram and followed her for a bit before reaching out. Based on our initial meeting I decided to move forward and work with her. My experience with her was a complete 180 from the doula during my first pregnancy. Tinaya stayed in communication and followed up as she said she would. We were saupposed to meet biweekly, however working full time and having a toddler at home that didn't happen. Tinaya was flexible and pivoted to suit my needs, she would send educational videos and readings, as well as, communty events and online courses to attend. I would keep her abreast of my doctor appointments and she would reach out to check on me even if I hadn't reached out. She was a necessary component in me having a successful VBAC. In fact, I enjoyed my time with her so much I'm trying to convince my boyfriend for us to try for a boy. If that happens I will be seeking her services again and hopefully she will also be providing postpartum doula services by then, until then I highly recommend Tinaya.


Nichelle1/30/2022Tinaya was an important member of my supprt team during my pregnancy and my daughter's birth. She provided comofrt when I walked through stormy pregnancy hormonal days. She encouraged me to laugh and dance and embrace all my bodily changes. She helped me to trust my body in every way. I felt like I was born to birth when I was with her. I worked with her after experiencing a miscariage and she created a safe space for me to speak my truth, for me to speak about my fears for this pregnancy. I felt heard and valued by her. Having Tinaya as my doula set the tone throughout my pregnancy for an empowered birth. When the world focused mostly on how my unborn child was doing, Tinaya set her eyes and attention on how I was coping and how my body was feeling. Birthing a baby is a journey. There are unpredictable twists and turns and rough spots. Tinaya held my hand through it all. She bent when I needed her to and she was that small voice ( yet powerful) voice reminding me that I had everything I needed within myself. I know with 100% certainy that my work with her helped me to prepare mentally for my birth and advocating for myself in the hospital system. Tinaya is doing GOOD work. WE NEED HER IN THIS FIELD. 


Quintara J.1/27/2022Tinaya is an absolute pleasure and my family is forever grateful for her! This was my first pregnancy, so everything was all so new for my partner and I. Her level of support is vital. She was everything we didn’t know we needed. Not only did she help me navigate through my pregnancy, mentally and physically, but she is also loaded with a ton of knowledge and provided us with really helpful resources. She is an amazing birth partner and trust me, you want her on your team.


Rebecca R.11/23/2021I loved my doula experience with Tinaya. She was knowledgeable and whatever she didn’t know, she got back to me immediately with resources and answers. She kept me active and we did different activities to keep me present and focused on all the positives of pregnancy and motherhood. Plus she’s super easy going and relatable. Even when I was freaking out about something, she was calm and collected. I ended up having a repeat csection but she empowered me to stick to my plan of waiting and listening to my body before doing whatever it was the doctor tried to scare me with. She’s very accessible outside of the sessions for any questions and was there for me after the birth to make sure I was emotionally and mentally straight.


Emoni Lewis11/19/2021I say this with whole heartedness and absolutely no exaggeration. Tinaya CHANGED MY LIFE. My previous birth experience was very traumatic leading to a forced c-section. The thought of going through that again made me anxious.Searching for a doula for weeks almost giving up, she was recommended by a friend. I won't lie I was skeptical at first because she was a newer doula with few birth experiences, but I could not get over her aoura. We had an instant connection and I could feel the love and care she had for me and my "munchkin". We started by conversing about my birth expectations, expectations for each other and all the details in between to get there. She helped me solidify my birthing plan and understand MY RIGHTS as a pregnant woman. Continuously working on my spiritual, physical and emotional well being. We'd do yoga, pregnancy safe exercises, meditation, amongst so many other things. She'd touch base about OB appointments, attending a few virtually. My concerns were addressed with care and suggestions were considered. There was a schedule for each session.She helped me reconnect with my self and find a deeper connection with my baby through meditation. She'd send daily remindners; whether it was to eat more veggies, complete a journal entry or exercise. When it came time to meet my little one she was a call away. Meeting me at the hospital and putting our months of planning into motion. the mood was set with relaxing music and dimmed lights. We did squats and used a birthing ball to help with moving along labor. And when those contractions hit lord! Those deep hip massages worked wonders. Poor T was even blessed when my water broke on her shoes. She recorded and took pictures of my journey (with my permission). from day one I mentioned how important it was that i had a VBAC and she made that her mission. And with her help it was a success. Post birth she checked in on us and supplied a spiritual bath.I am forever grateful. We love you. 