DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
7 TESTIMONIALS

Viviana Marcela Imbachi

Birth With Viv

Albertson, NY  Service range 50 miles

5162704732

Birth Fee

$3500

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $75

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Carolina hincapié cadavid4/10/2023Solo tengo palabras de agradecimiento con ella , porque me acompaño en todo momento con gran cariño y con respuestas claras y soluciones  fáciles para mis momentos de angustia , me tranquilizaba mucho sus consejos y todo mejoraba ,ella tiene gran experiencia no solo a nivel profesional sino a nivel personal con sus propios hijos , ella entiende nuestras angustias y nuestros errores porque ella también los cometió por eso confío en sus palabras porque sabe que cuando se es nuevi en el tema caemos en errores sanos pero su guía fue para mí de gran ayuda , te quieroooo


Jezabel Paulino-McFadden3/21/2023Viviana is absolutely amazing. She truly understands the birthing process and goes out of her way explain things and prepare expectant mothers so they can feel more confident in what's coming ahead. She's super responsive and has a very kind bedside manner. I highly recommend working with Viviana, she is a gem. 


Tracy Jacobs3/17/2023Viv was such a great doula to my daughter. She was beyond sweet, extremely helpful when I was upset and didn't know what to do with my baby. I highly recommend her to anyone. She truly was terrific!! ????


Abbey3/17/2023Viv supported us postpartum with everything we needed to feel confident as first time parents! She allowed us to sleep, take some time for ourselves to heal, and get organized when we were making decisions about all things baby stuff. As our baby got older she was the first person we felt comfortable leaving him with for a few hours to get out of the house. She helped with feeding and guided us when it was time to figure out pumping and returning to work. She's amazing and we are so glad she's been a part of our family! 


Adriana3/17/2023I worked with Viviana during the birth of my first baby in 2019.  Viviana is simply an amazing doula!  Being a first time mom, I was very nervous and did not really know exactly what to expect during the birthing process.  My goal was to have a natural birth and I don't think I could have done it without her.  Viviana walked me through the process,supported me, made me feel comfortable and helped me focus.  She was an invaluable partner. I had a wonderful experience and I am forever grateful to Viviana for helping in supporting me.  


Brittaney Norris3/17/2023We truly loved working with Vivian. We hired Vivan to help with our little one after the birth of our first child. She was crucial and supportive during the first couple weeks as we navigated being new parents.  We ended up extending her contract for longer as the support she provided was invaluable. She helped me handle first few weeks by not only helping me relax and helping give me a break but answered questions as I learned how to care for my newborn. She truly is nurturing, understanding and caring and we greatly appreciate the support she provided. If we have another child I will definetly request to have her as my doula again. 


Blair11/15/2019My husband and I had a wonderful experience with Viv and highly recommend her to anyone seeking the support of a doula. As first time parents, we felt prepared  and confident after her courses on childbirth and newborn basics, which she offered in the comfort of our home. Although my birth did not go as planned, Viv was supportive every step of the way and in constant communication while I navigated hospitalization and complications that led to an emergency C section. We ended up leveraging Viv’s postpartum doula services and she was essential to our family while I balanced my recovery with caring for a premature infant. She is incredibly responsive and knowledgeable, always a quick text or call away for any questions or concerns I had, and was a great help with the baby and around the home in the hectic weeks after delivery. 