DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
64 TESTIMONIALS

Wendy Cruz-Chan, CD (DTI), CBE, PES, NCS, CST, BA

Wendy's Doula Services

Brooklyn, NY  Serves families in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island

347-320-0044

https://wendysdoulaservices.com/

Birth Fee

$2800 to $3250

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $50

Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

CONTACT WENDY VIEW WENDY'S AVAILABILITY

Laurie10/1/2022Working with Wendy made me feel empowered leading up to and during the birth of my daughter. She helped me and my husband feel prepared for any type of scenario that could arise. I ended up having an unplanned c-section and while it wasn't part of the plan, I knew that we tried everything possible and take comfort in that. Wendy's positive energy makes all of the difference! 


Lisa8/31/2022Wendy is incredible! I felt her warmth and passion during our first call, and loved the package she put together for me postpartum. From her beautiful artwork to pills, I could not have been happier with how she supported me on my journey.


Aurora Terranova7/2/2022I used Wendy Cruz for my placenta encapsulation for my birth in April. She is excellent. Not only is she professional but she's extremely well versed in this field, courteous, and super nice. Our consult went very well and she recommended a few different options based on my past pregnancies and deliveries. Then she offered her opnion on what she thinks would be best. We communicated during the last month of my pregnancy and she was always quick to respond and reach out. After my placenta pick up, she sent pictures to me (as we were both amazed at how large it was) and I received my pills promptly within 72 hours after I delivered. Everything came beautifully wrapped and really more than what I expected. I can't recommend her enough. If you are thinking of doing this, please at least do the consult with her and you will see what I'm talking about. Thank you again Wendy!!!


Ashleigh Goldberg6/14/2022Wendy supported me through my first pregnancy not just in the delivery and operating rooms, but from the moment I signed on for her services. As a single parent and Black woman, my concerns were many, and Wendy helped ease my anxiety greatly. She always listened and provided resources to help answer questions that made me feel more comfortable when establishing my birth goals. She was extremely responsive through text and email, initiating contact to check in after my OB appointments. Our postpartum visits were extremely helpful in helping me through the challenges of breast-feeding and just the general uncertainty of life with a newborn. Wendy gave me the confidence that I needed as a new mom that I could in fact do this. I would highly recommend Wendy’s Doula services to any pregnant person looking for a true champion and someone who will be a warrior for you when it comes to dealing with doctors/hospital staff. Wendy is fierce in all the ways you would want someone to support you through this insane journey.


Rima Begum5/25/2022Wendy was the best investment we made when I found out I was pregnant. She helped prep us for the hospital, expectations around birth, and even answered all of my first time mom questions ( I had a lot of them).Wendy went above and beyond during the formula shortage. She helped us secure frozen breast milk while I was learning to nurse and increased my milk production.Thank youRima, Delwar, and Baby Malikah ??


Cristin5/4/2022I used Wendy's placenta encapsulation services for my second child.  I did not do placenta encapsulation with my first.  In my experience, it gave me a boost of energy, which was very useful after a few weeks of no sleep :) Wendy was very responsive via text and email.  I delivered late at night and she drove up to Columbia hospital to pick up my placenta in the morning and dropped it off at my apartment a day or two after I got home from the hospital.  She included clear instructions as well as a placenta sketch. Would use again and reccommend!


Opal5/3/2022I worked with Wendy on my first birth and I hope to work with her on my next as well. The placenta encapsulation package I received was beautiful and the entire process was totally seamless. She’s a warm and reliable professional and I can’t recommend her services enough.


Jessica Lara5/2/2022I just had my first child in April. I spoke with Wendy in February about her services and turning my placenta into pills. She made me feel comfortable and confident in the process and she answered any questions I had, as well as helping me find other services that I needed. Even when she dropped off the pills, I told her my son had a tongue tie and she gave me the information for a doctor to preform the procedure. She is definitely someone I am grateful to have found during my pregnancy and I look forward to using her in the future.


Chantel4/29/2022Wendy is an absolute joy! It was such a pleasure to work with her, she is so supportive and professional. She helped me understand the process of encapsulating my placenta and, truly the birth journey overall, a bit better. So grateful I contacted her! 


Adriana Michalak4/1/2022Wendy is a pleasure to speak to. She's very professional, informative and enthusiastic about the whole process. The pills helped me with my mood as I have a history of PD. I see a huge difference since starting them. Overall I would highly recommend Wendy's services to any new mama. 


Katie Nagji4/11/2021Wendy was such a pleasure to work with. She was super communicative and friendly, and very professional! She made my placenta into capsules for me. It was literally the easiest process and would definitely recommend her to anyone! Thank you Wendy.


Katie2/12/2021I worked with Wendy for placenta encapsulation services in Sept 2020. She was an absolute pleasure to work with and extremely professional. She talked me through the process by phone answering all my questions. She gave me great info about the specific hospital I delivered at and how to go about the process. When the time came to hand over my placenta she sent an uber to retrieve it for contactless pickup (covid). I then received my capsules and some beautiful art in just 4 days! I highly recommend her services.


Alexis2/8/2021We're so thankful to have had Wendy's support.  We really valued her knowledge and experience throughout the pregnancy, birth, and postpartum weeks.  She was respectful, caring, and supportive.  We are convinced that we wouldn't have had the birth experience we were hoping for without her.  


Anawel lopez2/5/2021I was provided wendy's info from a friend. She took my placenta encapsulation last minute after my old doula went MIA. Wendy was exceptional. She was super proactive doing pick up after delivery & reassuring me everything would work out just fine being that my placenta had already been on ice for about 10 hours. She answered all my questions and mailed my encapsulated pills since she couldn't drop off due to covid. Everything was explained step by step & answered all questions even after service was complete. Wendy definitely saved my placenta!


amanda2/4/2021Working with Wendy for placenta care was great. I found her to be kind, friendly, receptive, responsive and knowledgeable. She was able to treat my placenta with care and reverence, transforming this sacred organ into pills, salve and even a piece of art! I also opted for the keepsake umbilical cord which was molded into a heart. I had my placenta pills wihin days of delivery and really appreciated Wendy's approach to cleanliness and safety. Overall, I highly recommend and would use her again in subsequent pregnancies. 


Dana & Jordan2/4/2021On recommendation from our birthing doula, we contacted Wendy last minute for placenta encapsulation services following a labor with significant blood loss. In those weird early daze-filled days of newborn world, she was an absolute godsend. She responded immediately to both our doula and to us (when we finally made it out of the hospital and could do things like...write emails), always providing clear information. She kept us informed with pictures and texts throughout the entire encapsulation process and delivered the finished product super quickly. She seems incredibly mindful of pandemic protocol. And the product was amazing! I found such comfort in my placenta pills in those early days. As a lifelong sufferer of depression, I was really worried about PPD, and though my early motherhood days have been fillled with ups and downs, I really feel the placenta pills helped me to stay even keel. I also really love that I have a tincture to share with my daughter and a beautiful placenta print to keep forever, to remind me of that wild but wonderful day of labor.


Jillian4/1/2020I cannot say enough good things about Wendy and her services. I chose Wendy to encapsulate my placenta after she was able to explain to me over video chat more about the benefits of encapsulation and her practices (we had a lot to discuss during my video chat, as she was also designated my back-up doula in the event my doula could not be present at my birth). I definitely made the right choice for myself in choosing her!From beginning to end, she made the process easy and simple. She coordinated picking up my placenta from my doula after delivery and brought the capsules back to me quickly, dropping the products off at my house two days later, the same day I returned home from the hospital. She was available for consultation before and after the process to answer any questions or concerns I had.The most amazing part of the process has been her support and her artistry. Wendy's sharing of her experience with my placenta provided me healing and therapy that I did not know I would need after giving birth. She gave me the beautiful artwork she handcrafted from the placenta, along with a keepsake heart from the umbilical cord. She even made a video of her examining my placenta prior to processing it, and I am so appreciative of her evident expertise, care, and thoughtfulness. After a labor and delivery experience that did not go as planned, Wendy's talents and hard work gave me some closure, and I felt peaceful from someone honoring and attending to me in a way I had not felt at the hospital.Wendy has followed up with me multiple times since she gave me all of the finished products to check on my progress and healing. She has been incredibly supportive and helpful in the postpartum period, and I am so grateful. I cannot recommend Wendy and her services enough!


Katty3/20/2020Being pregnant and especially for the first time, I found myself clueless as to what to expect (as many I'm sure). Thankfully, my dear friend Wendy was there for every step of the way answering any of my concerns. She is extremely knowledgeable, supporting and provided me with the comfort I much needed. I learned so much. When I was ready to give birth I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to endure what was coming. Wendy coached me via phone and was able to get in a cab from Brooklyn and meet me in Long Island and this was after midnight. During birth she was very assuring, patient and encouraging implementing all techniques possible to make me feel comfortable and get birth going.She's truly passionate about what she does, this is her calling. She is amazing and I would not hesitate to recommend her to anyone. I am forever grateful.


Rupert3/6/2020We were very lucky to meet Wendy and lucky to have her help as our doula. She taught us so much and relieved a lot of stress. Our baby's due date unexpectedly came forward by several weeks, and Wendy was able to adjust her schedule to meet with us to help us prepare, and also to join us in hospital for the early birth. Because of Wendy's preparations and protectiveness in the hospital, everything (that we could control) went according to my wife's wishes. We are extremely happy. Thank you Wendy!


Demi & Iain2/10/2020We hired Wendy for a placenta painting and we are so happy we did. From the first inquiry to the return of my placenta painting, Wendy was diligent and responsive. We called her once I was in labor and after I gave birth (late afternoon on New Years Eve!) Wendy arrived an hour later to pick up our placenta. She then returned the placenta and painting just 24 hours later. Not only did she out do herself with the painting and exceed our expectations with the outcome but she so kindly gifted us a beautiful additional piece that is now hung in our babies nursery. She also sent us beautiful pictures of my placenta while she was working on it, that we now have and will cherish. We reccomend Wendy to anyone who is considering to do anything special with their placenta as I know she offers various placenta services. And although we did not use her as our doula we have had enough encounters with her to defiantly also reccomend her as a doula because she was beyond lovely and delightful. 


Laurie Berg2/4/2020I was referred by my doula to Wendy Cruz-Chan for placenta encapsulation services. She was fantastic to work with and did an amazing job! She helped us through every step of the process and checked in with me for the first few weeks to see how I was feeling and answer any questions I had - which was so appreciated. As part of the encapsulation package she also offers to create a print of your placenta, which at first I wasn't sure I wanted to have. However, the print ended up being so beuatiful and moving to have as a reminder of that very special and fleeting time just after giving birth. I am so happy to have it! I also want to say that the pills were nicely packaged and she gave me helpful information and specific instructions for taking the pills. ALSO - for me, the pills felt very instrumental to my recovery especially in taming the postpartum hormone rollercoaster. I would most definitely recommend Wendy if you are thinking about encapsulating your placenta. She also offers a variety of other services on her website. Many thanks to Wendy! xo -Laurie (and baby Z)


Tiziana Nin12/31/2019Wendy’s doula services are great, she’s informative, efficient, and extremely resourceful. Every visit we had was mapped out and organized. She has a wealth of knowledge and explains the info clearly. Wendy was super accommodating of my schedule and her communication skills are excellent. I never felt like I was unsure of what she meant, which was incredibly helpful during labor. My birthing plan ended up changing and she was able to guide me through the transition of being admitted to a hospital. She advocated for my birthing plan and although the location changed, everything went perfectly. If you want a strong woman with tons of knowledge guiding you and a sense of humor-Wendy is your doula! I felt like giving up so many times during my labor and she always got me back on track. She was super attentive to me and  assertive with hospital staff-especially when advocating for my needs. Her prenatal and postpartum visits were excellent-she taught us infant CPR, how to change a diaper, burp baby and swaddle, along with how to bathe a newborn.  She also cooked soup for me. She was a grounding force for my family and I during labor and I don’t think things would have went as smoothly without her there. We appreciate you greatly, Wendy!-OH and she also takes amazing photos! A true birthing renaissance woman!Thank you for everything!Tizi, Jovani, & Jai 


Rosanna Santiago12/19/2019What an amazing experience I had with the birth of my daughter and that was largely in part thanks to my doula, Wendy. She literally (physically) supported me through my accelerated labor. She was also a great emotional support system and made sure I was informed and would advocate for myself. I honestly don't know how women give birth without a doula, it makes the experience so much smoother. She prepped us beforehand with two pre-natal meetings and one post. My husband also treated me to having her as our baby nurse the night we got back from the hospital and she was a Godsend. I highly recommend her to my friends and will continue to do so at every opportunity I get. She is sweet, knowledgeable, dedicated, communicative and readily available for all my wants and needs. 


Kim Luke12/4/2019I was on the fence about placenta encapsulation and my husband thought I was crazy to even consider it, but it ended up being THE best and most central part of my postpartum recovery. After hours of research & several interviews, we met Wendy through our birth doula. Upon meeting her, one immediately recognizes that Wendy is one of those special people who seems to have boundless empathy and a genuine love for the work she does. Up until meeting Wendy I asked myself "so, I'm going to let a stranger pick up my placenta from the hospital, then eventually eat it in some form and hope that it was done safely in a sterile environment?" However, once we met Wendy could tell right away that she was trustworthy, serious and extremely competent. Because I had a complicated pregnancy that included an overproduction of relaxin, I was still worried about the effects the capsules would have. Under these circumstances Wendy suggested a steaming method to make the capsules less potent. At one week postpartum I started on a low dose of the capsules and the effects were almost immediate. I felt energetic eventhough I was sleep deprived, I had no traces of postpartum depression and everyone around me was amazed by how quickly I was recovering from the cesarean. One of the best parts of the experience was the drop-off visit from Wendy. I had PTSD from the birth and postpartum anxiety, she took time out of her busy schedule to comfort and counsel me--none of which is part of encapsulation services. She could have done the drop-off and left but, she stayed because she genuinely cares in a way that seems effortless and unconscious. When I look back at the first months of my postpartum period, the night that Wendy stopped by sticks out to me as one of the restorative and heartwarming peaks along my challenging path. We will definitely be hiring Wendy again if another placenta comes our way ;) 


Ashley11/12/2019Wendy's services were unparalleled during such a special time in our lives! Not only was everything incredibly professional - but she was so personable throughout the entire process - including the drop-off of the pills. She came in- I was alone with my Son-and she could tell I was overwhelmed.  She took such a personal and doula approach to inquiring about ME - and just went above and beyond just a "drop off". I highly recommend Wendy and her services! We still continue to text and keep in touch to this day.


Monica D.9/8/2019Wendy is a passionate and involved doula. During our prenatal visits, she provided guidance and context around the stages of labor and gave us a good sense of what to expect. When my fetus was breech, she referred me to a chiropractor and an acupuncturist, provided me exercises to work on, and checked regularly on my progress, taking on the role of coach. On the day of my labor, she assumed the same role, encouraging me to move and change positions as much as possible, even while my medical condition required constant monitoring. By the time I had my (unscheduled) C-section, I was confident that we had exhausted all alternatives. She seemed comfortable spending time with my partner and my family, and she was kind and eager to help, offering to get snacks / beverages / anything else. She remained energetic and engaged well into the night / early morning. I would recommend Wendy to anybody looking for an involved, hands-on doula / coach who is passionate about coaching the full family.


Erica Lye8/19/2019Wendy was our backup doula which was assigned to us on the very day I felt contractions and unsure what to do exactly.She was literally the best and it was such a blessing in disguise for us to meet her. She is a warm hearted, kind, friendly and helpful person. She is more than doula. She's like a sister to me. Her assurance and assistance to me went beyond my expectations and she went above and beyond to be there for me as my labour lasted more than a day and wasn't an easy one throughout.I could not have done it without her. She is really the best. I would recommend her to everyone who is looking for a doula. 


Elena Megalos8/8/2019I reached out to Wendy because I was interested in placenta encapsulation. My experience with her was warm and empowering, from our initial Skype consultation to the text exchanges leading up to my birth to our in-person postpartum meeting. I  enjoyed the whole experience and would happily recommend her to anyone interested in placenta encapsulation. The art prints and umbilical cord keepsake - though not initially souvenirs that I was interested in (they happened to be offered as part of the basic encapsulation package) - also turned out beautifully, and I’m now thankful to have them.


Yana shenker7/18/2019Wendy was amazing!!! I don’t know how I would’ve done it without her. She’s down to Earth and gives off an amazing vibe. She was there for me every step of the way. She was attentive, and professional. She literally held my hand through the entire process. Once I’m ready for more kids (hahaha) Wendy will be my go to!!! Thank you ??


Kathleen6/29/2019I used Wendy’s placenta encapsulation services and she was a dream to work with. She made the process a total breeze from beginning to end and I would absolutely recommend her placenta encapsulation services to anyone. 


valery6/15/2019I purchased placenta pills from Wendy along with 2x placenta art works, placenta tincture, and a placenta salve. She picked up from the Brooklyn Birthing center where i delivered my son and delivered to me at my home. Her turn around was fast! He sat with me and explained in detail how to properly use and store all the items i purchased. She gave me advice on breastfeeding and stayed in touch following up for about 2 weeks and then a month later reached out to ask how the pills were working. SHe even gave me an awesome packet that contained vital info for postpartum mothers which i'm still taking advantage of now after my son has turned 1. Wendy is resourceful, knowledgeable and comforting. She had recommended my Doula as at the time she was pregnant as well and ready to go at any moment. The doula she recommended was crucial to my successful first delivery and i am extremely thankful to have crossed paths with Wendy. I will definitely continue to recommend her as a doula and placenta specialist as well, she is excellent! --  


Erin Lange12/18/2018Wendy is a great artist and made a beautiful placenta painting of the tree life. She also does placenta encapsulation.  I found that the placenta pills give me more energy.  Wendy then followed up with me for a few days to see how I was doing with the placenta pills and to see how my baby was also doing/feeding.  She is very caring and a talented artist.  I highly recommen her!


jacqui k11/20/2018Wendy is absolutely incredible. She was recommend to do my placenta encapsulation and I am so grateful to have met her. Her care and communication through the steps of the encapsulation process was betons any expectation. Being a new mother I was so sensitive to everything and Wendy not only made me feel comfortable with the encapsulation but also in general. Her presence and conversation when picking up and dropping off were nurturing and helpful. She also helped me after the process with some new mom questions I had. I highly recommend using Wendy for any services, she is a gift!


Venny11/14/2018Wendy was a fantastic Doula. From the time when we contacted her she was very prompt in communication, and picking up Placenta right on time and bring the capsules with a beautiful placenta art. We highly recommend her anyone using Doula services.


Carmen Cortes12/10/2017One piece of advice I received the most in my time working with moms to be is take some basic classes for birthing and breastfeeding. Of course I come from a backround where we don't do such things, we just didn't. As I got further and further along in my pregnancy, it was a bit daunting how little I knew about one of the biggest events happening in my life (soon at that!). I figured if I have the resources, to use them. Being informed is never a bad thing. I'm happy to say I chose Wendy Cruz-Chan as my instructor and was not dissapointed. She made the entire class quite easy to absorb and make what I would have thought an overload of infomation plesant and understandable to me. I left the course with enough resources to also look up on my own to make MY OWN informed decisions about breastfeeding and childbirth. The most important takeaway from this course is that I feel empowered and am knowledgeable enough to make my own decisions and ask questions in a medical setting, where it otherwise can be quite intimidating. Theres absolutely NO price you can put on this and I am so thankful for it. Thank You Wendy!


Regina Verret Foster7/28/2017It was such a pleasure working with Wendy! She's incredibly knowledgeable and professional. I was fortunate enough to use her lactation and placenta services. I will definitely recommend her and use her again for the next baby!


kiat sing Teo6/23/2017Wendy's expertise, both in the know-how, and her delivery of it, empowered my husband and me - clueless, first-time parents, to take charge of our birth experience.Her calm, sensitivity and optimism pulled us through (her Rebozo technique was particularly effective for me, and even my husband was in awe of her execution and stamina). She even impressed the nurses in the ward (Elmhurst Hospital, i'll make no secret of it), and these are very experienced and forward-thinking nurses.I felt safe, taken care of, and confident with her as my doula, as if I had a close friend or a dear kinswoman supporting me through my labor. I sincerely hope that every mother-to-be, if they so wish, will enjoy a doula-client relationship as blessed as mine!


Jael de Pardo6/17/2017I called Wendy in the last weeks of my pregnancy looking for help making Placenta pills to take post partum. From the start, Wendy was very helpful and spent a lot of time answering many questions about the pregnancy, even if they didn't have to do with the pills! She also spent some time talking to me via skype and I got the sense that I was very supported in my process and this is truly a field Wendy loves to be part of. I was grateful for her attention and care. Wendy was booked for doula services during my due date but she spent time reaching out to her network to help me find someone in my price range when I was considering hiring for doula services. Now that I am postpartum, I am so glad I got those placenta pills!! They really help fight off those baby blues, and Ive been feeling strong. Highly recommend them! And Wendy made it all easy, she picked up my placenta at the house and dropped off the pills when she was finished making them. Very professional and knowledgeable:) Thanks Wendy!


Jael de Pardo6/15/2017I called Wendy in the last weeks of my pregnancy looking for help making Placenta pills to take post partum. From the start, Wendy was very helpful and spent a lot of time answering many questions about the pregnancy, even if they didn't have to do with the pills! She also spent some time talking to me via skype and I got the sense that I was very supported in my process and this is truly a field Wendy loves to be part of. I was grateful for her attention and care. Wendy was booked for doula services during my due date but she spent time reaching out to her network to help me find someone in my price range when I was considering hiring for doula services. Now that I am postpartum, I am so glad I got those placenta pills!! They really help fight off those baby blues, and Ive been feeling strong. Highly recommend them! And Wendy made it all easy, she picked up my placenta at the house and dropped off the pills when she was finished making them. Very professional and knowledgeable:) Thanks Wendy!


????? ??????????5/16/2017So thankful for this an amazing person, who saved me in a difficult and kind of new situation. Very supportive, kind and professional person. Thank you for being great  with the great positive energy!


Narina Chan4/30/2017Wendy is not only just a good friend but she's also my sister-in-law! She was super helpful during my labor and delivery. She helped me coped with the pain of contractions by massaging the pressure point in my lower back, which was really helpful. She also make sure that I wasn't hyperventilatin because I couldn't relax during contractions. I was pushing for about 2.5 hours, during these times she helped lubricant my vagina with coconut oil and some mineral oil to make sure I don't tear like crazy. she saw that I wasn't pushing well with my hands behind my legs, so she asked the nurse to give me a long towel to do a tug-a-war thing which really helped with my pushing. At the end I have a second degree tear and end up having stiches, but I'm guessing it's better than having a episiotomy. Wendy also stayed at the hospital for me during my first day, and helped with taking care of my newborn and her niece, which was super nice of her and I really appreciated! During your pregnancy and postpartum she can also give you a lot of advice, tips and tricks. Hire Wendy as your doula, and you won't be disappointe!! :)


Yabe Saori4/2/2017Wendy is a kind, knowledgable, and very experienced Doula.She taught my husband and me a lot of things related to delivery such as pros & cons of epidural, dangerous medications that OBs use for pregnant women, and good & bad food during pregnancy. She also taught us how to take care of babies and CPR.My experience at a hospital was horrible because my OB suddenly changed his personality and totally ignored our birth plan. Make matters worse, he was so rude to Wendy. Under this awful situation, she supported mentally and physically. She encouraged us to speak up to avoid worse situation. (Since we are Japanese, it was difficult to say our opinion to the doctor because of our culture). In addition, she massaged my legs and lower back during labor. She used aroma oil to make me relaxed, always said positive & kind words to me in L&D room. If we hadn't had her support, my delivery would have been tragedy.As postpartum care, she prepared psychological test for me. Due to the mean OB, my condition at postpartum wasn't good. As I thought that it was natural because of unbalanced-hormones, I just ignored my bad mental condition. Thanks to her postpartum consultation, my husband somehow understood my mental condition, and now tries to support me to get back power.To sum up, she had supported us from prenatal to postpartum. My husband and I really appreciated her help to avoid worse situation. Even though we were dissatisfied with our experience at the hospital because of the OB, her great help saved us from the worst situation. I sincerely recommend her as your Doula because she provides plenty of information and good care before & after delivery. If you are foreigner and do not have confidence to speak in English, she is also good choice. She can speak English, Spanish, and a bit Japanese. She always tried to understand my bad Asian-accent English. I think she became not only my Doula, but also close friend:-)


nicole douchet12/5/2016Wendy was amazing!  She is patient and gentle. She knows so much and to be quite frank, without  advice, i would have not had the voice I had to stand up for what I wanted. Doctors are very dry and insistent on what they want to do but wendy educated me on all my options   pleasure to work with!


Kelsey Knight11/18/2016Wendy was incredibly generous with her encapsulation services. My doula client was homeless, and I knew she was interested in encapsulation services, but it was financially out of her reach. I attended a vigil Wendy organized for Pregnancy and Infant Loss Remembrance Day. In order to raise money for a Cuddle Cot in honor of her son Killian, Wendy had a raffle, and one of the prizes was her encapsulation services, which I won! I was thrilled that my doula client could now have access to this service. When my client gave birth, Wendy made it so easy to coordinate the placenta drop-off. A few short days later, the placenta was ready. Impressed is an understatement! The prints were beautiful and laminated. The pills were packaged perfectly, and the umbilical cord was dried into the shape of a heart. To top it all off, she created a folder filled with postpartum and placenta encapsulation information. I was so touched. It was so clear how much energy, time, and love into this process. When I brought everything to my client, she was thrilled. She will cherish the prints and heart-shaped umbilical cord forever. Thank you, Wendy, for your beautiful, important work!


Cristina Corso9/8/2016Wendy is an amazing professional and personal friend. I met her because I requested her placenta encapsulation services.  we met several times before my delivery and then she became my postpartum Doula, helping me with breast-feeding and taking care of my newborn son. She was amazing, so loving and patient with me. She encourage me to follow my mother instincts and she gave me confidence. It was so important for me to have her by my side after my son was born because she gave me so many tricks and helped me with my recovery. I would always be grateful to her for being such an awesome and importantboart of my life.


Simone Curbelo6/21/2016I can not speak well enough about the amazing qualities of my doula, Wendy. I sought her as a post partum doula...my husband and I were not working for at least 6 weeks after my son's birth, and Wendy was a recommendation from my prenatal yoga teacher. We didn't know each other, and I was REALLY nervous about trusting my life and my son's care to a virtual stranger.Little did I know how blessed my life would be. Wendy showed up at my house to let me know what to expect during labor. After I had my planned C-section, she came to my room to pick up my placenta, and brought materials to make me a placenta smoothie right away. I still have a shadowbox with the umbilical cord she dried, and my placenta waterprint is on our wall forever.She also eased my husband's fears of new fatherhood even when I was not around. She's amazing at being a calming force at all times: with me, the mom, and with the dad without me there. She walked my dog, washed my dishes, showed my husband how to sterilize bottles, and made it possible for me to heal after c-section.When I went home she was amazing as a postpartum doula: she washed dishes, took my dog for walks when needed, showed my husband how to use baby wraps, taught us infant CPR, and was a therapist. She did more than I ever asked or expected her to do. She's just an amazing person and I can't wait to have another child so that she's in our lives again.I love Wendy!!!!Simone Zamore Curbelo, Ed.M.


Rusalina Fayer4/10/2016It was a pleasure to work with Wendy on my placenta encapsulation.  From our initial meeting she was always so patient and very informative with the process.  She answered any questions and doubts that I may have had yet at the same time sparing me the extra details  that I chose not to  know about.I thought it was very sweet of her to check up on me throughout my pregnancy and even post partum.  She would ask me how all my doctors appointments went, and even after she delivered me my pills I always felt comfortable reaching out to her for moral support.thank you wendy!


Melissa Manning4/2/2016Wendy was amazing. We really enjoyed working with her.  She was incredibly thorough, thoughtful and kind. We were impressed by her professionalism at our first meeting- she came prepared, on time and with an entire packet of information for us. After our meeting she checked in with me regularly via text (more than my doula!) to inquire about how I was and how the pregnancy was progressing. Despite a long wait at the hospital waiting for me to finish birthing, Wendy came into our room full of positive, loving energy her Nutribullet in tow!  Her smoothie was delicious- full of my favorite ingredients we had discussed in adcance- and, after a 36 hour labor, a life saver.Wendy was also inclusive during the pill making process, sending photos and documenting for us. The art and umbilical cord were a lovely touch and we can't wait to frame our placenta print.Unfortunately, I have yet to take my pills due to prescription iron, but am looking forward to beginning them as soon as I finish my course.in true fashion, even though or business is concluded, Wendy continues to check in on me and our new son. I can't recommend her highly enough- she is professional, kind, timely and lovely.Thank you, Wendy!xo,Melissa, Leo and baby Cy


Masha Naboka3/28/2016I interviewed a few different placenta pill makers before choosing Wendy. She seemed the most professional. Our experience with her was wonderful, she met me at the hospital post delivery and made me a placenta smoothie, then when we got home from the hospital she met us at our house to give me the pills along with a painting made from the plecenta. At first the idea was foreign to me but once I saw it, it's actually amazing and I cannot wait to hang it somewhere. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking to encapsulate their placenta.


Helena McCarthy Schmalhofer3/18/2016i met Wendy the morning I gave birth - the birth center I delivered at (NYPresDowntown) had only just opened and there was still some doubt if the placenta could be released in order to be encapsulated. So I figured why not have someone come in and make a smoothie on site and circumnavigate the red tape?! Enter Wendy.  Organic fruit, coconut water and nutribullet in hand, she came on in and got quickly to work. Within 15 mins I had 2 huge delicious smoothies which contained roughly 2 hamburger patties of placenta goodness.  I drank one immediately and had the other about 12 hours later. The benefits (notably increased energy and less bleeding) were immediate. It was my second birth (the first was also at a birth center) but I felt so much more "myself" sooner. THANK YOU!


kempest mceachirn1/25/2016I met Wendy at 37 weeks pregnant. I had so many questions about birth, pain, postpartum, breastfeeding...pretty much everything, and was nervous that I wouldn't get the information I seeked so late in my pregnancy. I took a childbirth class, but there were so many people in the class that i was unable to get all of my questions answered.My first day meeting Wendy was so informative. She answered all of my questions before I even asked her anything. She was very accomadating as well. She knew that we had a short amount of time together, yet she did what she could to make sure I had all of the materials that I needed. She was on-call 24/7 literally.I enjoyed her ideas during my labor to help with getting through each contraction, and she was very patient with me.  At times where I thought i wouldn't be able to do it, she was there giving me reminding me that I could. Still to this day she checks on me to make sure me and baby are doing fine.I would highly recommend getting Wendy as a Doula!!Kempest


Erin Golembiewski1/13/2016I was in desperate need of a lactation consultant and no one could see me within 24 hours. I found Wendy through a mutual acquaintance and she came the very next day. I was having problems with my son, who was now a week old, latching - especially at night. He was down 8% of his birth weight by his first doctors’ appointment. His latch was giving me blisters and causing me to bleed. A lactation consultant tried to help me at the hospital but she was just so hands on and did things for me instead of showing me what to do. Wendy was awesome! She made sure that I knew how to everything. She helped with positions and gave me advice on what to do when he was fighting me (literally - pushing at my breasts, throwing his head back). That day the feedings went great, but that night was horrible again. However, Wendy did a follow up call and gave me some more advice on what to do at night. Night 2 after Wendy was great. It was the first time I slept in my own bed since giving birth and the first night he didn't fight me. I honestly don't know what I would have done without Wendy. She did more than just show me how to feed my child, she made me feel like she cared, and that I could do this (breastfeed).


Shana HT12/31/2015Wendy came to us, when baby was 5 days old. Mommy had sore nipples and resorted to pumping and bottle feeding and baby had no interest to feed at breast. Wendy found us, with pacifiers and bottles abound, I thought for sure she'd scorn us and declare us hopeless. I was wrong she was incredibly kind, sympathetic and patient with us. Tried a few things and showed us how mommy and baby can learn to do it. She stayes for about 2 hours, but gave us all the tools we needed, by end of night, we had latched perfectly. By the next day, we where breastfeeding pros! Thank you Wendy


Shana HT12/29/2015Wendy is unlike any lactaction consultant I ever met before. I met with 2 my last baby, and met with one at the hospital with my first. I fell into a depression over being unbale to feed my baby. Her kindness, patience, sympathy are just a few of the reasons she's very different. Not one condescending word, no judgment. She is very skilled and knowledgable. I had a lot of baggage and she instantly calmed me. Very nervous about breastfeeding and very anxious to get it right, I struggled a lot. Especially having difficultly latching, sore broken bleeding nipples, and  clogged ducts, and introudcting baby to bottles and pacifiers, I never thought we would be this successful breast feeding this fast. It took a couple of hours with Wendy, and one very rough night of learning for both mommy and baby, but baby finally latched a little. BUT the next morning baby woke up like a new baby latching perfectly, and mommy couldn't be happier or more relaxed about feeidng. Its so easy now!


David McMahon12/27/2015Wendy was a lifesaver for us. Our grumpy three week old son was not sleeping at night and we were both exhausted and at a bit of a loss. Wendy came over at very short notice and showed us the ropes. She has a very calming presence and managed to calm our baby in seconds - something we had been unable to do all day! She also taught us some great tips and tricks that we are still using every day. Thank you Wendy!Dave and Chloe


victoria vitaver12/15/2015I had an amazing expirenve with Wendy and would highly recommend her . She saved me with breastfeeding, I would of probably gave up on breastfeeding if not her help . She showed me how to breastfeed correctly , pain free and gave me so much good advice . For a new mother, this is a life saver . Very sweet , patient and amazing person that goes beyond to help .


Deana Clapp10/25/2015I was so lucky to come into contact with Wendy! I had my mother in town to help, but she isn't comfortable being the second person through the labor and can't stomach the gore or hearing me labor. My two sisters were in town only for a few days, so we were going on a wing and a prayer that I had her while they were there. SO, I needed someone reliable to be there to help me labor. Wendy was so helpful and knew just what to do, as she has attended enough other births to know the ropes :) I was confident in her hands. She came equipped with candles, oil for massage, music, scents, food even! I actually slid into labor very, very fast after arriving at the birthing center for an appointment! So, I was well dilated (and SCREAMING) when she arrived already. My sister was, luckily, there and laboring every second with me. But, when Wendy arrived, she jumped right into the things that I needed and that an untrained support person is unlikely to know or do, like counter massage.She even jumped into the birthing tub with me to push on my back. Then, she literally sat behind me and held me up while I pushed. Her help and support was invaluable. She can offer many options for your birth and is extremely dedicated and committed to helping women have beautiful births. One of her strongest points is being a fearless, strong, loyal and persistent advocate for your birth wishes. If you have to, unfortunately, deliver in a hospital - Wendy will make sure the doctors respect your requests and have your best interests in mind. This is one of the most helpful ways a doula can contribute when you are incapacitated in labor. She WILL speak up for you.Additionally she does placenta encapsulation and other things you may want. But, she doesn't press this on you. In fact, I asked her about it days after. All in all, I would highly recommend Wendy and her doula services. She is genuine and all heart and has made this her life mission.


Yadira Bernal10/15/2015Hello to whom it may concern:My name is Yadira Bernal, I gave birth to my baby girl on Friday, 09_18_15@5:08pm. Wendy Cruz was a very useful great mentor emotionally and mentally support person during my labor, I couldn't of done it without her my normal birth. I definitely will refer her to my friends and family of her doula and placenta services. She was very helpful weather  by phone or threw texts messages regards to my concerns of labor or first time mom question's on how my body will feel after labor and/or recover issues I may have. Her communication and experience background  really benefited me in every level. Thank you again, i truly appreciate you and what you do because  you are the best actions speaks louder then words. :)


Danielle Webb10/6/2015I would recommend Wendy if you want to feel supported by a strong, secure, sensitive presence durning and after your birth. I had an unplanned c-section and had just returned home from the hospital with my new baby when I realized that we needed some help and guidance. I contacted Wendy requesting post-pardum doula service that day and she came right over. She helped me to relax, consulted me on breastfeeidng, gave gentle suggestions of how to care of my newborn, and answered questions I had about all kinds of things. Wendy connected me to resouces, like a local breastfeeding workshop where I met other new moms and gave me information about my baby's decelopment and my recovery from the c section. The first several months of my baby's life were enriched because I had Wendy's support -it was a very special time.  Had I known Wendy back when I was pregnant, I would have loved to also have her as my birth doula.-Danielle


Brandi McRae10/6/2015My Doula Wendy was wonderful. I would not have been able to get through my birth without her. She was supportive and extreme helpful. She made sure I got a room at the hospital just in time! Otherwise I would've delivered in the hallway. And no doctors or nurses were in the room when the baby was crowning so she had to deliver my son! What the doulas offer during the whole delivery process, is immeasurable. I am truly thankful for Wendy.


Brandi McRae10/6/2015My Doula Wendy was wonderful. I would not have been able to get through my birth without her. She was supportive and extreme helpful. She made sure I got a room at the hospital just in time! Otherwise I would've delivered in the hallway. And no doctors or nurses were in the room when the baby was crowning so she had to deliver my son! What the doulas offer during the whole delivery process, is immeasurable. I am truly thankful for Wendy.


Khadijah Reed9/23/2015When I first met Wendy so wasn't my original Doula. My 1st doula had to move away but Wendy was more than willing and ready to step in. She made sure I knew all things I needed to know about my hospital visit and what goes on in the delivery room. The day I went into labor I had to have a C section and she came right down and was with me til I was all checked into my room. She is a very great doula. She will make you feel secured and comfortable especially if your first experience at giving birth wasn't so great like mine. She also makes the coolest placenta art and her placenta cream works great for my c section area. Wendy is a great doula to hire.


Shanise Chappel9/23/2015The professional services that I received from Wendy was my placenta being encapsulated and breastfeeding guidance. I totally dig Wendy's vibes!!! Her caringness, her professionalism and ability to make me feel at ease during any service I recieved was a comfort to have. She gave to the hospital to pick up my placenta and after her work on them she personally came to my house to deliver the placenta pills. When my baby and I were having trouble breastfeeding the experience with Wendy being a lactation consultant she was very helpful in giving techniques and identifying a crucial  note in the breastfeeding relationship between me and my daughter. I would totally recommend to other women and families out there  to turn to Wendy's Doula Services because her overall professionalism, her true to self  attitude and ability to make you feel comfortable is awesome. The placenta pills made by Wendy has not cause me any problems and her lactation services were effective.


Elly Lovin-Bania9/15/2015I am so happy to have had Wendy at the birth of our son in June 2015. I was planning to have my sister be our doula, but as she lived out of state we were concerned that her trip dates might not end up coinciding with the birth. So I turned to Ancient Song Doula services, where my partner and I had done our Childbirth Education Class, to get set up with a doula, and they matched me with Wendy.Wendy met me at one of my prenatal appointments after a great phone conversation (she's always incredibly communicative and quick to respond). Even though I didn't meet her till the end of my pregnancy, I felt completely comfortable with inviting her into my remaining appointments and birth.Wendy thinks of everything and is incredibly prepared. She brought aromatherapy and honey sticks (among lots of other things) to my birth at Brooklyn Birthing Center. She was amazing through my long hours of back labor in a tub, and took turns with my husband and sister in the tub with me, applying counter-pressure to my hips. Although I was in another state most of that night, Wendy stands out in my memory like an angel watching over me (and watching over my husband and sister), taking care of all the little things and being a positive, reassuring presence.She was incredibly helpful after my son's birth, too, visiting me twice and helping me care for my baby. We moved out of NYC shortly after our son's birth, but I still feel connected to her and we exchange texts every so often. I also recommend her amazing placenta services!Wendy was the perfect doula for me. She will always be a part of my son's beautiful birth story and I hope one day he can meet the special woman who watched over his mama during his entry into this world!