DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Allyson Coughenour

Oceanside Doula

Oceanside, CA  Service range 20 miles

5596336874

https://www.oceansidedoula.com

Birth Fee

$2000

Postpartum Rate

$45

CONTACT ALLYSON VIEW ALLYSON'S AVAILABILITY

Kellie McKinnon7/24/2023I am BEYOND grateful for Ally and cannot recommend her enough! There's something magical in having someone at your birth that supports you, your choices, and has an energy thay calms the room. Ally does just that. I truly believe that I would not have been able to have the unmedicated birth I dreamed for without Ally's support. She quite literally held my leg and my hand through every push! Even when I had my moments of doubt, she was right there, talking me through it and telling me I COULD do it. She was an invaluable resource and I recommend her ten times over!! 


Chelsea7/20/2023As a first time mom, I had so many questions regarding my pregnancy, birth and postpartum journey. I am so grateful that I found Ally! She is so warm and inviting, as well as knowledgeable and caring. She always made me feel heard and quelled all my concerns. When I went into labor and things picked up very quickly, she was flexible with us and came immediately.  She gave us the best support that was just what we needed during such a vulnerable time. I am forever grateful for Ally and her tips and tricks that helped us along the way. I cannot recommend her enough!! 


Natalie7/16/2023I was glad to have the support of Aly for my birth. She is very responsive to messages and prompt in communicating about appointments or times she will or will not be available. Her arrival to my birth was literally the same minute as my midwives. She has a nice little bag of tricks for natural pain management and practices different physical techniques. I had a positive experience with Aly and recommend her for birth, labor and postpartum support. 


Michele Sleep3/16/2023I couldn't advocate for Allyson enough! We met a few weeks before I was due and I really appreciated her calm demeanor and experience as a mom. When it came time for labor she was there for me without delay. She was so intuitive to my needs and just held me through the contractions. If you're in need of that extra support Allyson is the best out there. She's your advocate and there for you with whatever your needs are. Again I can't stress enough how she seemed to know exactly what I needed. She held my hand through the pushing and I couldn't thank her enough. Good luck and happy labor!


Victoria3/15/2023It is hard to describe just how valuable having Ally as our doula really was. I had planned for a homebirth with midwives and due to a cascade of events I ended up in the hospital. Ally was there every step of the way. She took the time to create an induction/hospital plan, even though that possibility was the furthest thing from my mind. I'm so glad we had it to refer back to and to share with the nurses and doctors. She was a text away when my water broke, when we went to the hospital and throughout our time there before we felt ready to physically have her with us. And when we were ready, she showed up without hesitation. I had an extremely long labor and during that time Ally helped me emotionally by offering support and reassurance, physically by getting me into different positions, fanning me, feeding me, providing counter pressure, and so many other wonderful tools, and probably the greatest gift of all - she helped advocate for me and my baby, reminding me of what I wanted and what was important to me. In a place where it often felt like my birth plan was easily dismissed she was there to help make sure as much of it was kept as possible. She spent days with us in the hospital and I never felt her support wavering. My birth story comes with some trauma but I know I would have had so much more to work through if she hadn't been there. My experience was far from what we had planned but hiring Ally feels like the one thing that went "right". My husband and I are forever grateful. 