DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
4 TESTIMONIALS

Alyssa Ellison

Doula For You

San Pedro, CA  Service range 20 miles  No restrictions

310.213.2205

Birth Fee

$800 to $1200

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $45

Black Doula

Availability Remarks: Please Call or text (310) 213-2205 for more questions or to schedule services. Thank You.

CONTACT ALYSSA VIEW ALYSSA'S AVAILABILITY

Carmen Aguado11/21/2021My family retained Alyssa for post-partum services, and we could not have been happier with our decision. Alyssa came over to our home and met us a few days after we returned from the hospital with our little one. I was hesitant having a stranger in our home so soon but Alyssa fit right it -- she felt like an old family friend. She's warm and friendly, but professional, and ready to help. On top of it she comes with tips and tricks to help navigate those early days. Our little one absolutely adored Alyssa and we joked that he was always on his best behavior with her because he would fall asleep quickly in her arms and hardly fussed. Realistically, it’s her calm demeanor that put him at ease. As far as coordinating the logistics, she responsive, detailed oriented, and organized. If I have a second, I will definitely ask Alyssa to help again.  


Summer Simmons Downs4/7/2021Alyssa was a literal life saver. Beyond just the extra pair of hands, the depth of knowlege was such a blessing to my husband and I as first time parents. Our daughter had colic and acid reflux and I was at my wits end not only did Alyssa have solutions she also kept me from feeling like a failure and helping me to understand it was part of the process. Whatever question I had, she had an answer. She was incredibly proactive. As a first time mom, after a c-section, I had no idea what I needed. But Alyssa did. From my needs to my baby's needs, I felt completely covered. And that trust enabled me to actually sleep when we had her overnight. Alyssa was the best decision I ever made. 


Zarina Sullivan3/30/2021Alyssa was a great postpartum doula for us. She was with us from the first day we had our son home and she was amazing helping us with him, guiding us with the newborn. She is very knowledgeable with babies and shared some very useful resources with me about what babies are going through. She told me about sleep regression, about growth spurts, etc. It made a huge difference because as new parents we had no idea what we were doing.  Alyssa is very patient and nurturing, our son was very well taken care of and loved. We were very lucky to find her and I would recommend her to anybody. She still is checking up on us from time to time which is very nice. She is fantastic and I am forever grateful for her. She is also funny, that helps a lot too 


Kellye Phillips4/21/2020I don't know what my husband and I would have done without Alyssa when our son was born.  She was invaluable.  When Alyssa came to us, I was recovering from a C-Section and our son had just been released from the NICU.  She was knowledgeable and so caring.  She went above and beyond every single day.  Her focus was on making sure that my husband and I had everything that we needed, physically and emotionally, so that we could bond with our son.  She was always proactive, finding and suggesting solutions to any problems that arose with such things as breastfeeding, dietary issues related to allergies, and sleeping.  There wasn't anything that she couldn't handle, and she did it all with grace and care.  Alyssa bonded with all of us and has become a permanent part of our family.