DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 TESTIMONIALS

Anna Lyke

Brookside Doula

Los Angeles, CA  Service range 30 miles

203.535.7229

https://www.brooksidedoula.com/

Birth Fee

$2500 to $3250

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $75

Availability Remarks: Currently, I am only accepting birth clients who contract 4+ weeks of postpartum care.

CONTACT ANNA VIEW ANNA'S AVAILABILITY

Samantha L3/11/2020Anna has been such a lifesaver and we feel so fortunate that she has come into our lives! I had an unplanned c-section and came home completely unable to help to take care of my baby in the way that I had envisioned. We reached out for help and Anna has been supporting us for the past 2.5 months. She is loving and kind with our baby and we trust her completely. On top of that, she has been such a huge help around the house and with my recovery. She is very knowledgeable, but anything she doesn't know she commits to researching, reaching out to contacts, and coming back to you with answers. She is so proactive and takes on so many projects in our house that make life a little easier and a bit better for two very tired parents. We've used her for both daytime and overnight support and wouldn't feel half as sane without her help. When we're ready for our second child I know that I'll also be reaching out to Anna for her support through the birth itself and postpartum again, of course!


Brianne G3/11/2020We worked with Anna for about four months after our son was born. I can't even begin to thank her for her patience, knowledge, friendship and support. She holds an invaluable amount of knowledge and experience with sleep training, feeding, growth and development, and everything in between. Her calm and friendly nature made it easy to communicate and ask her any question without judgment.Anna worked with us to customize schedules and methods that our son responded well to. She always explained the theory behind her suggestions and recommended books, videos and products she found helpful. Having someone there to help us get a full night's rest was also a treasure. Anna is just one of those people who you can trust and find an immediate connection.It was always interesting to hear about her other experiences - another way of remembering that so many people are in this together. She has experience with a variety of birth environments as well as premature babies, like our son, and multiples.Anna always has a big smile and truly cares. She is simply the best.