DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
2 TESTIMONIALS

Annie Spirka

Santa Barbara, CA  Service range 10 miles

http://www.anniespirkabirthwork.com

Birth Fee

$1200 to $1800

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $40

CONTACT ANNIE VIEW ANNIE'S AVAILABILITY

Alissa W4/24/2022Annie Annie came to our rescue during a much needed time when our baby Aiden was only a few weeks old. She started off helping us in the night, which was so unbelievably amazing! To be able to get the extra rest during those night hours was a game changer. I rested well knowing Annie was actually better at getting Aiden to stop crying than I was.  Always so gentle and loving, she seemed to know just how to rock or sway to get him quickly back into his slumber. Once we no longer needed night shift help, Annie continued to support us through daytimes and evenings. She was always so great at helping me (who had no prior experience with babies) feel at ease and confident in my job as a new mother. In addition to being an extremely pleasant person, Annie comes with a plethora of knowledge all things pregnancy, postpartum mother to baby. If there was ever a question I had that she didn’t know the answer to, I would receive a evidence-based well researched answer via lengthy text or long verbal explanation next time we met. Her thoroughness and attention to detail is impeccable. I had trouble keeping up my food consumption to a level that would facilitate maximum lactation for my baby. Annie would frequently surprise me with snacks to help. She even made me delicious homemade lactation cookies, and delivered them warm fresh from the oven! Annie is such a wonderful doula, we are so grateful to have had her help during such a precious time in our lives. We really couldn’t have asked for any better, someone as kind, smart, and passionate about her work. Thank you forever Annie??Alissa, Nat and Aiden


Hannah Johnson4/23/2022Annie was beyond wonderful as my doula!! As a first time mom I was constantly questioning myself and panicking about every little thing, and Annie was always quick to respond to any question I had with great information. Her calm and kind demeanor always made me feel more relaxed. I think the 2 biggest things I could have never known I would have needed ( but made a world of difference ) was her help crafting a carefully thought out birth plan, and being in the labor room with me to help with my contractions. If it weren’t for Annie I definitely wouldn’t have been prepared for all of the questions, tests, and injections they press you for at the hospital. Annie and I had a zoom call to create my birth plan where she patiently answered every single question I had (and I had a lot!). My labor was 28 hours and Annie helped me so much during that time with stretches, massage, candles, and essential oils. Seriously I could not recommend her enough!! Annie is a true angel and she was an absolute essential part of my pregnancy and birth.