DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
4 TESTIMONIALS

Ari Eisen

Hearth Doula Support

Palo Alto, CA  Service range 40 miles  I'll travel as far as my client is comfortable

https://hearth-doula.com/

Birth Fee

$850 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $55

CONTACT ARI VIEW ARI'S AVAILABILITY

Jennifer6/28/2023I chose Ari to be part of my birth team and doula for my first pregnancy, after feeling an immediate connection and comaptability from the initial inquiry call. Ari is very attentive, compassionate, and dependable. She made me feel very comfortable through our sessions together pre-birth and was very thorough with helping me prepare for the birth.I felt that all my fears, concerns, desires, and preferences were heard and respected, leaving me quite assured that when the time came, Ari would know how best to help me through the process and be my advocate to mediate others. And that is exactly how it went. She helped communicate my preferences to the hospital team, provide me with ques and assuring words through the trials of labor, and relieved me of worrying about both little and big details of the process and just focus on my body and baby. Though the birth didn't stick to my preferences to a "T", it was all-in-all a positive experience and I do not have any regrets about the birth. And I certainly do not have any regrets about having Ari as my doula - would highly recommend her! 


Jacqueline Durazo6/14/2023Ari was truly an incredible advocate and guide during my second birth experience. I didn't realize my first one was kind of traumatic, but it explains a lot of anxiety I had over this second pregnancy. I felt like a lot of cards were stacked against me between an international move with a toddler, being new to the area, and unemployed (personally wanted employment). My emotions were all over the place and Ari helped focus me and my husband on what to study and how to practice for the birth. She helped us feel prepared when there was so much we didn't have control over in our lives. I went from feeling really despondent at 35 weeks pregnant, truly like it was a lost cause to feel empowered in the upcoming birth, to feeling totally ready to face it with peace and excitement (and of course nerves). She was happy to be as hands-on as needed, when my husband needed a rest from supporting me, which was wonderful. And when the day came, we even had a brief 30 minutes of rest just before moving to pushing that I never would have imagined possible, because I learned how to listen to my body thanks to Ari. I realize a lot of work and credit goes to my husband as well, but both of us are certain it's entirely because of Ari that we felt motivated and focused in our efforts to practice for the birth I wanted. We are so grateful and can't recommend Ari and her services enough. We love her! Stop reading reviews of doulas and book Ari today!


Nic Coffman4/25/2023Let's see if I can express in under 2000 characters how invaluable Ari was to my delivery team. Ari not only helped me acheive my birthing dream, but she also helped me understand what I wanted in ways I wouldn't have known. Ari was more than an advocate and guide, she was my bridge to resources, spiritual guru, lactation consultant, cheerleader, coach, therapist, guide, friend, and confidente. Here are some specific examples of ways Ari directly helped my situation. 1. Spirituality was my first goal. Ari touched all five sense with soft lighting, spiritual music serenading, scents of the forest looming, advocating for food, and offering continuous massage throughout labor. What blew my mind though was her work with my placenta - my baby's name means tree/forest - Ari not only enlightened me that the placenta is shaped like a tree, but she imprinted it for me while I was having skin to skin with my daughter and then held it for me in her own freezer until I was released from the hospital! If that's not going above and beyond, I don't know what is!2. Within the first few days of giving birth, I had a clog on one breast. I was part of a lactation support group, so I went there first. They suggested warm water, which I tried and failed. A lactation consultant then suggested a cold compress and/or ice, results of which yielded zero drops. The pain was getting worse when Ari called me to ask how I was doing - I whined to her about the pain I was in and she suggested something WAY outside the box. I have two words. It worked!3. I called the postpartum hotline after a few days of sleep deprivation and frustration made me crazy. They were too gentle. I needed something more personal. I hung up and called Ari. She asked if the baby was safe first and then asked where my dog was. She ordered me to go hug my dog and I broke into a total cathartic puddle of tears. It was exactly what I needed. Ari was exactly what I needed.


Jennifer Fong1/24/2023I am so blessed and grateful that the universe brought Ari into my life.I’d asked the stars for a birthworker who was comfortable supporting queer POC families, and familiar with grief or acute perinatal depression because I was struggling with the recent death of my father. Ari’s sweet yet strong presence provided me with the brave space I needed to complete this part of my life’s work.As my doula, Ari brought compassion, calm and courage to my journey of pregnancy, birth and loss. When I felt pressured by my doctor to get an early induction, Ari listened to my concerns, provided me with research I hadn’t known about (not even in my 6-week birthing class), and validated my feelings. It is thanks to Ari that I felt more complete in my body, confident in my decisions, and trust in my instincts.I had the most positive birth experience and I couldn’t have done it without Ari’s support. Through her, I learned about the structure and significance of my pelvic floor (again, which I learned nothing about in birth class!) and she guided me in relaxing that part of my body.In the delivery room, Ari helped me soften between contractions, conserve and refocus my energy, and give birth with ease and grace. Holding Ari’s hand as I brought my baby into this world made me feel grounded and magical.Ari went above and beyond any doula I’ve heard of. I couldn’t have asked for a better person to be by my side as I experienced one of my life’s most important events. I think any birthing person would be lucky to have her by their side!