DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
24 TESTIMONIALS

Ashley Catto

Womb and Bloom

Jackson, CA  Service range 75 miles

209-559-4159

https://wombandbloom.com

Birth Fee

$1150 to $2350

CONTACT ASHLEY VIEW ASHLEY'S AVAILABILITY

Jessica5/4/2023Having Ashley by our side for both a bereavement doula, and a doula it's easy to say Ashley was by our side on the very worst day of my family's  lives, and one of the very best days. She helped ease  ptsd from loosing my daughter fade away during the birth of my double rainbow baby, she advocated for me when I could not, and held my hand, and supported me during my daughters birth she helped make sure months before I had all the information, and supplies to prepare my body for birth, and checked in with me constantly to make sure I was in the right head space, I don't think my husband and I could have had such a positive experience without her by our side. Her photography skills blew us out of the water. She made sure I had the pictures my heart desired,And we are SO thankful to have these pictures to look back on.She made sure I had everything I needed according to my birth plan. She sat by my side for hours in the nicu with my daughter, braided my hair, and  she helped me breast feed my daughter,We will be forever thankful to have had her by our sides.She is truly WONDERFUL, and become part of our family. She was the support we needed to get through this.She checked in with me postpartum and made sure I had everything needed for my body to heal, And she still continues to check in. Ashley is a beautiful soul and I could not recommend her and her amazing skills enough. She truly goes above and beyond. And her photography skills are AMAZING. 


Katelyn4/9/2023The one thing that eased my mind going into childbirth was having Ashley as our Doula. I was extremely nervous about not being prepared, however, every conversation we had with Ashley I felt informed, empowered, and 100% supported. She has an undeniable love and passion for what she does and brings out the raw beauty in pregnancy, childbirth, and postpartum. Not only is she a genuine human, but she has incredible knowledge. I'm so thankful for the education she provided both me and my husband prior to my childbirth and all the options that I had available, and that I was the decision maker in the hospital. When I went into labor, seeing Ashley walk through the doors brought me peace and comfort. She held my hand and talked me through nerves, fear, and pain. She made sure I was taken care of immediately after our baby girl was born and helped me breastfeed for the very first time. I cannot express in words the amount of gratitude I feel for our Doula Ashley. She is supportive of your birthing journey, whatever that may be. Having a Doula like Ashley was one of the greatest gifts we could hope for. So thankful for this profession to help empower and support women through the beautiful miracle of childbirth and how strong our minds and bodies can be. 


Megan E3/9/2023Ashley was the best investment I made during pregnancy and would 10/10 recommend her.During labor she held my hands, spoke affirming words over me, rubbed my arms, etc. My labor moved so quickly that if it weren't for her speaking up and asking me if I wanted to get into the water to birth, I probably wouldn't have had the water birth I desired. Not only was Ashley able to juggle supporting me through my contractions while photographing at the same time with ease, she also provided a ton of support before getting to the labor room and after.In my last trimester she visited us in our home, sat with us for hours, and prepared us for labor. In the days and hours leading up to birth, she texted with me at all hours and was the support I needed before the midwives were willing to admit me. If I didn't have Ashley to lean on during that time, I wouldn't have had such a smooth and seamless labor and delivery.After birth she followed up with me multiple times, ensured we got the support we needed, and encouraged us as new parents. You can tell she truly cares about her clients and is the sweetest soul. 


Alex Woodward2/2/2023Ashley is such a professional yet personable doula and photographer. She really cares about supporting your growing family in every way, and with your desires in mind. My husband and I didn't think we needed a doula until we realized just how unprepared we actually were - and at 32 weeks! Thank the Lord we found Ashley and that she was willing and able to take us on with short notice! She quickly felt like a friend we greatly trusted and were excited to have help bring our rainbow baby into the world. Our little guy was breech for a while, which led us down an unexpected road that Ashley helped us navigate with confidence. She gave me all the resources to try to get him to turn on his own, and made me feel so supported and well-equipped to best advocate for the birth experience I desired! When it started to look like things weren't going as expected, Ashley grounded me with a safe space to feel my worry and frustration, and then lifted me up in prayer to be hopeful and see the unexpected blessings in my otherwise not ideal situation. Thank God for that because baby boy decided to try to arrive breech a week early, and I ended up needing a C-section, so I felt as prepared as I could be! I'm so thankful for her praying for our safety, health and joy in the process even when she couldn't be there (OR visitor limits).Ashley also generously took birthday photos for us, which we will cherish forever! We love looking back at these sweet photos every day as seeing just how much he's changed since then helps to savor every moment even more.During my postpartum check-up she saved me from a breaking point in my physical healing and breastfeeding. I developed a horrendous rash from the bandage adhesive that was spreading and Ashley was ready with natural remedies that brought so much relief! Seriously can't thank her enough for her wealth of knowledge!We highly recommend Ashley and can't wait to have her again for our next baby, God-willing!


Brittany S1/24/2023Ashley was my doula and photographer for my first VBAC. I would recommend Ashley's doula and photography services to my best friend. She was responsive and helpful before, during, and after delivery. She has a calming presence  in chaos and very much feels like a mama bear, bringing that extra touch of care & protection which reminded me of my own mother. In labor, she supported both me and my husband well by teaching him in the moment ways he could care for me. If you're on the fence about hiring a doula, reach out to Ashley for a meet and greet to see if you're a good match! 


Sarah C1/11/2023Ashley is an absolutely incredible doula and we are so, so blessed to have found her. From the second we talked I felt so at ease and cared for. Ashley has an amazing ability to be calm and comforting, while also assertive and bold when needed. Both are so important especially in a hospital birth when it’s critical to create a peaceful, safe environment while also having to navigate difficult decisions and hospital staff. She is so approachable and the prenatal visit was so helpful to be able to connect and get our questions answered, especially surrounding more natural birth options. It was invaluable be able to be in contact when contractions started, and I was amazed how during the birth she was able to think so quickly on her feet based on how my labor progressed, and would patiently explain different techniques and coach my husband along in how he could support me in that moment. She was there to pray with us, hold my hand, set up a diffuser with essential oils and encourage me through challenging contractions and pushing. She was a sounding board and someone to consult with when the nurses or doctors would throw a decision at us, and was so great at honestly talking us through the pros and cons. My husband and I truly could not have gotten through the birth without her support. Ashley is an amazing example of how while the knowledge and experience that goes into being a doula is so important, what really shines is someone’s heart and determination to stick with you and be an encourager and advocate. She is such a natural in this role and I believe really made all the difference in delivering our sweet baby boy smoothly. Ashley also helped me tremendously during postpartum, checking in and being just a text away to answer critical questions about breastfeeding when I was overwhelmed, and processing the birth during the postnatal visit. We are so grateful for Ashley - please hire her as your doula!! Best decision you will ever make.


Codi Backman12/13/2022Ashley was the photographer and our doula for the birth of our second daughter. We walked into this second pregnancy with a lot of trauma from our first birth experience, and Ashley was a reassuring, confident force as we geared up to have our second child. I greatly appreciate that she made the effort and showed up to soothe the concerns of my husband as well, so that we were a truly confident team. With her on our birth team, we felt certain that we were going to be taken care of, that I would not be abandoned during birth, and that I was built and designed for birth.The moment Ashley walked in the door, my body felt safe to labor and birth. The techniques that she used during my labor were extremely effective and made my labor more comfortable.It amazes me that Ashley was such an incredible addition to our experience and she was still able to beautifully document this sacred time. The images she photographed are ones we will cherish the rest of our lives and are invaluable.I knew that doula support was greatly beneficial to birth, but after our experience with Ashley, I swear by it and could not express her value enough. We are so grateful to have had Ashley as a part of our story and now, as a dear friend of our family.


Alex Baddley8/28/2022Grateful is an understatement.. I found Ashley through a frantic google search during my third trimester with my second baby. Her quick response time and honest communication was an excellent first impression. She was transparent with her availability and her policies. Throughout our first interactions I appreciated her flexibility, especially because we had hired her so late into my pregnancy. We chose her birth photography package. I’ve only seen the sneak peak pictures so far and I already know I am super impressed with her skill. So impressed that after our son was born we hired her again for in home newborn photos. Not only is she an excellent photographer but her passion for doula services was ever present. During labor at the hospital she respectfully offered advice and support above and beyond what we had hired her for. She also stepped up and assisted in ways that exceeded our expectations. Needless to say, I would absolutely recommend her services.


Brittney P8/7/2022When we were first looking for a doula, my husband was on the fence on whether or not we needed one. All it took was one call with Ashley for us to realize she was going to be the perfect addition to our birth support team. Into my third trimester, we found out I was going to be induced, and Ashley really helped us level set on what that meant for my labor and helped manage our expectations. When my induction came around, it was a terrible experience in the hospital. Ashley was right there with us every step of the way and provided invaluable support by helping me stay comfortable, helping my husband feel confident, and being a sounding board for us to vet things through. She gave us the confidence to speak up and advocate for ourselves when we were having a difficult time with hospital staff.On top of being a fantastic doula, she takes incredible pictures that have helped me reflect on my birth experience and help me to focus on the beautiful birth of my child versus the traumatic experience we had. As we're now navigating postpartum, Ashley still checks in with us and we have always felt like she truly cares about our family and our pregnancy/birth/postpartum journey. She is and was hands down the best decision we made for our pregnancy and birth, and we could not recommend her more. 


Greg M.6/7/2022First and foremost, Ashley was amazing and we will be forever grateful for her and her guidance during such an amazing time. Highly recommend her!From a guys prospective, I really wasn't sure what a Doula would be doing during the pregnancy and birth process? Wife wanted this so we decided to hire her. After the process, she is such an important shoulder to lean on. She does way more than I would have ever expected. She provides 1 on 1 help with mom on what to expect and what's to come. When the show begins...She shows up in the middle of the night during contractions, stays the entire time at the hospital, braids hair, massages mom, comforts dad, provides comfort and breathing techniques, knows what to say and when to say them (I wasn't the best at this), helps with the baby when she arrives. The list goes on.  Personally, she provided support/comfort when things got a little scary and I will be forever grateful for her in that moment.Also take part in the picture packages. She captures the most amazing moments and being able to look back on that is such a blessing. I'm happy we have those moments to be able to share. I feel like in the beginning we hired a doula and in the end we ended up gaining a new Family member! Thanks again from the bottom our our hearts! Our family will be forever grateful for Auntie Ashley! 


Emily McInturf5/27/2022Hiring Ashley was the best decision my husband and I made in our pregnancy. Not only was Ashley attentive during my pregnancy answering many unknown questions but she spent many hours with me prior to birth ensuring I was confident in what was to come. When it was baby time at 2AM Ashley was at my house promptly and was able to asssit making decisions on going to the hospital. Ashley's care in the hospital was above and beyond what I could have expected. With each contraction she was there to comfort me and try different techniques to make me comfortable. Ashley also did birth photos for us and although i was really on the fence, I am so glad we did them. Labor land is real and you forget everything after the baby comes and having the memories that Ashley captured are something we will cherish forever! Ashley will be apart of each one of my childrens births moving forward and I couldn't be more happy to also call her an amazing friend! 


Lisa12/29/2021   I highly recommend Ashley Catto as a Doula; I have birthed 8 children and Ashley was my Doula for the last 2. Ashley is knowledgeable, easy to understand, respectful, kind and direct. She is great to work with prior to delivering, and I recommend following her advice. During delivery she was right there for any moment of need, she was encouraging to both my husband and myself and did not interfere at all with the intimate experience it is for parents to deliver a child together. In addition to this, she is a fantastic birth photographer! I have wonderful pictures from my births with her, she captured precious moments and I wasn't even aware of her taking them. When we needed her as a Doula she was right there, and somehow she took wonderful pictures. I would say Ashley is a 5-star Doula and a 5-star photographer, if adding stars together is permitted, that is 10 stars. 


Jodie Lovegren12/13/2021Ashley was the exact support I needed during my first birthing experience. She was both my doula and birth photographer, and greatly contributed to creating a truly empowering and memorable delivery. She was with me through every step of a very long induction process and was incredibly helpful throughout my unexpected hospital stay. She helped me understand the decisions I needed to make at various stages of the induction, informed me of alternative options, and guided me through intense contractions with exercises, breathing techniques, and shower utilization that proved essential to getting the baby moving and the induction progressing.She provided knowledge, advice, referrals, and encouragement since the moment I met with her. She serves with a force of calmness, patience, kindness, and sense of humor. She built my confidence when I didn’t think I was capable, was my voice when I didn’t have the words, and comforted me with a companionship I didn’t think I would have during the birth of my son. She supported my plans and decisions during the entire birthing process and made sure that I had the exact experience that I wanted.She is the kindest soul, an AMAZING photographer, a powerful advocate, and the best doula! I am forever grateful to have had Ashley by my side during the birth of my son, and highly recommend her services for anyone looking for guidance during birth & postpartum, especially for single moms like myself. 


Stephanie Culton7/28/2021Being a doula myself, I had a pretty specific idea (er, high expectations!) in my mind of what I was looking for when hiring my own doula.  I had consulted with 2 other doulas, and much like a first date, I just didn't feel the "chemistry" with them that I was looking for. When I had my first zoom consultation with Ashley, I knew immediately that I had found "the one" I was looking for. Not only is she extremely knowlegable about all-things pregnancy/birth related, her energy and demeanor is so peaceful and calming, which was REALLY important for a high-strung anxiety-ball like myself. She was available to me for questions well before she ever went on call for my birth which made me feel so relieved to know I had that extra support available towards the end of my pregnancy.  The days leading up to my birth included many phone calls and lots of texts encouraging me to stay the course towards my birth plan. The day of my birth, Ashley arrived at my home and coached me through my early labor, capturing precious images of my husband, mom and I laboring in the comfort of my living room. Our transition to the hospital was smooth and once admitted, Ashley was literally forehead-to-forehead with me, praying for me, playing worship music, holding my hands, fanning me, focusing me, and helping me make the best decisions for myself and my baby. Hiring Ashley as my doula was by far the best decision I made for my family and my birth plan and I am so incredibly blessed for the experience we shared, and also for the incredible images she captured of this monumental day. Our post-partum visit came at a much-needed time and I feel now that Ashley is more than just my doula, she is my friend.  Thank you, Ashley, for the tremendous blessing of being our doula. I could not have asked for a better, more perfect experience.  xoxoxo


Jade Hoff7/24/2021Having Ashley as part of our team was an absolute joy. As first-time parents, having someone with her knowledge and expertise was invaluable. When my planned vaginal birth turned into a necessary c-section, I so appreciated being able to turn to Ashley with my fears and concerns. She provided much-needed support during my pregnancy and postpartum period, as well. The fact that she is an amazing photographer was icing on the cake! I am so glad I booked her for maternity, birth, and newborn photos; we will cherish them forever.


Mleesa Rogers7/9/2021Ashley was truely amazing! Her communication was wonderful and she was always checking up on how I was feeling! While I was in labor, she wasn’t pushy or overbearing at all. She really knows how to read a room and makes you feel totally comfortable! She has the most calming voice and tone and some really great ideas when it comes to pain management. She’s not afraid to get in there and be hands on. She also did a really great job at not overstepping or taking over. I was worried that having a doula may "replace" my husband and leave him feeling left out, but she did not do that at all! She did a great job at standing back when we had it and stepping in when she thought it would be beneficial. I think she did a great job leading up to labor getting to feel out our personalities to help with that. If you're thinking of hiring a doula, Ashley is absolutely the way to go!


Lydia6/17/2021Ashley went above and beyond as our doula. Her support throughout the end of pregnancy, labor, delivery and the postpartum period was so important and helped us to have the best experience possible. We are so grateful for the advice and support she provided. I would recommend that anyone looking for a calm, collected, helpful and evidence based doula give Ashley the opportunity to provide her services. In addition to her exceptional services as a doula, Ashley is also a fantastic photographer that has a knack for capturing the intense emotion of the labor and delivery process while staying out of the way and not interfering with the process.


Molly5/27/2021I first came across Ashley as a birth photographer. I had never heard of a birth photographer, and was apprehensive toward the idea of letting someone into my birthing space, because I did not know what to expect with the birth of my first child. Ashley's presence in the room was extremely professional. She did not make herself known unless there was a need of mine that wasn't being met. She showed my husband how to apply counter pressure, and was able to advocate for my needs. She captured the most precious moments of my life without getting in the way, or taking away from the experience. Words can't describe how much I was thankful for her presence, and the memories I now can cherish forever. When I became pregnant with my second child, she was the first call! She received her duola title before my second pregnancy and I used her knowledge all during my pregnancy, even reaching out to her in the middle of the night when my water broke. Unfortunately with it being the first day of the lockdown in CA due to Covid-19 at that time, she was unable to come to the hospital with me, but was easily reachable and encouraging during my birth and after. Being able to say I have had a birth with and without her physical presence, I feel like is safe to say that I would have her there to advocate for me, encourage me, and support me, a million times over.  Ashley gave me advice when my second baby was breached, on ways to encourage him to engage properly.  She came to the hospital when I was supposed to have a cesarean, prayed with me and held my hand while I was nervously waiting, all to be sent home before going into the O.R.  because her advice was a  success and my baby flipped last minute so that I could have my natural birth a week later (in a locked down covid hospital, unfortunately).  All of this to say, having Ashley's services are priceless. You will be thankful to have her on your team!


ashley finegan4/22/2021Kind,caring,compassionate, are just a FEW words to describe Ashley. From the start,she was eager to understand my birth plan and was excited to help me feel empowered and capable of accomplishing just that!However, she didn’t fall short on educating me and allowing me to see all options available as well as allowing me to feel like a strong mama even if things didn’t go according to “plan”... after all, we are on the Babies terms now right?? Being a first time mom,I didn’t know what all went into those first few weeks of motherhood, ash didn’t just educate me before and during birth, she also made sure to support me in my postpartum journey as well. Something I don’t think you quite grasp until you’re in it! She wasn’t just a doula for me, she absolutely became a friend so gentle and kind in every way! Throughout the entire process I felt the genuine love that ash has for what she does, someone who wholeheartedly cares not only about you but about the well-being of your spouse and more importantly your new gift to the world. Her expertise doesn’t just stop there though, she’s a very talented photographer and she has given me several timeless treasures that I’ll be able to look back on for a lifetime ahead!! If you aren’t sure whether or not you need her services, I encourage you to at least inquire.. I promise you won’t be disappointed!!!


Rene Garcia3/29/2021Ashley is amazing! I feel so blessed to have had the privilege of having Ashley at my home birth. Her attentiveness and professionalism are unmatched. Not only was she able to be present, anticipate my needs and coach my husband through the delivery process, she also captured amazing photos in the process. Labor and delivery can be a whirlwind and I'm so thankful to have these photos that will last a lifetime to remind me of that special day. Thank you, Ashlee for all you do!


Tyrique Drayton2/1/2021Where do I begin? Amazing does not describe how she works. Me & my wife were more than blessed to have her in the delivery room. She made the experience comfortable for both of us being first time parents. The advice she gave got my wife through so much. In the ways I couldn’t help she was there making sure my wife had what she needed. She understood what my wife needed from the nurses & was able to proficiently explain everything to us when we weren’t sure what to do. The words thank you don’t even compare to how grateful we are for her. The pictures are beautiful & it’s something my family will get to share forever and always. 100/100. Thank you for being there. Thank you for everything. She was the blessing leading up to our blessing.


Analysa Drayton1/30/2021Ashley is just amazing! From her doula services to her birth photography she does the most amazing job! Being a first time mom i was very nervous about giving birth, but as soon as we hired Ashley as our doula all of my worries went away! Not once during labor and delivery was i scared or nervous. She knew exactly what to say to steer me away from any fear. She was so supportive of my husband and i. And her photography AMAZING! She truly captured the most amazing moment in our lives and i can always look at those photos to relive that moment. I couldn’t have done it without her.


Lucila Bovero1/25/2021Words can’t express how amazing Ashley Catto is at what she does. If you’re searching for a doula, I highly recommend Ashley. With Covid this year I was not sure that I could even have a doula, she helped me so much before I headed to hospital and she was there for any questions my husband had. Although she wasn’t able to be in the hospital I had her support before, while laboring, and after. She helped understand all my options and how to deal with pain management. Im truly thankful for how informed she kept me during the whole process and even after Zella arrived. Today she took newborn photos of Zella, she was so easy going and gently with her. I can’t wait to see the pictures ??


Jessica1/25/2021Ashley was helpful and supportive through every trimester. Always lending an ear to listen and a level head to discuss options and choices through out my high risk pregnancy. She supported my decision to hire a home birth midwife and with an hour (less than) long labour I'm very glad I did. Her knowledge and resources are extensive and she was kind and respectful of covid concerns during these unexpected circumstances. We would hire her again and recommend her as a doula and photographer to any expecting parents in any birth setting.   