DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
3 TESTIMONIALS

Becky Chavez

Birth to Latch

Whittier, CA  Service range 20 miles

https://www.birthtolatch.com/

Birth Fee

$900 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $45

CONTACT BECKY VIEW BECKY'S AVAILABILITY

Krystal6/7/2023Becky was so essential in me having a successful unmedidicated birth despite needing an induction. During the process of pregnancy Becky was great about checking in and providing my partner and I support through the process and how to help me through pains of pregnancy and labor. Towards the end of pregnancy when my blood pressures and anxiety started to spike she reminded me that I was empowered to have the labor and delivery I wanted. I cannot recommend Becky enough as a she also comes with an abundance of knowledge regarding car seat installation, lactation support, and resources that you will need through pregnancy and beyond. Becky came into my laboring room and made it so peaceful and helped me find positions that worked for me. While most inductions last 24-36 hrs for first time moms I truly believe that the recommendations Becky made and I did before pregnancy and during labor helped me deliver in 15hrs from the time I was admitted. Overall, having Becky as a support was the best experience ever! 


Kristina1/13/2023I was a very nervous first time mom. Even though I knew the basics of what was going to happen, I still really wanted a doula and I'm so glad I found Becky! She was such a wonderful resource throughout my whole pregnancy. I was very prepared for labor and understood at length the medical terms my doctor and nurses were using when it was my time. With Becky's guidance, I was able to stay calm and make educated choices that were best for myself and my baby. Had I not had Becky as my doula, my birth experience would not have gone the same way and I most likely would have had an unnecessary emergency c section. Instead I was able to really advocate for myself and make informed decisions and ask questions to the medical team. Since it was during Covid I was only allowed two people in the room with me so I brought my husband and my mom but Becky was on speed dial! And I used all of her tips and tricks to help get me through. After being induced, I labored and while it took a while as it sometimes does for first time moms, I knew as much as I could in terms of what to expect because of Becky and therefore what I could do to help myself get through it to meet my baby. She reviewed plans A-Z during our one on one education sessions. After I gave birth, she was also very kind to check on me and do a follow up visit. She provided me with countless resources, including people with businesses in the community nearby such as massage therapists, lactation consultants, pelvic floor therapists, pediatrician recommendations, etc. this helped me tremendously as a new mom. If I ever have another baby, I'll definitely be calling Becky to be there for me as my doula! 


Erin12/17/2022Becky was an amazing source of support during and after my pregnancy. She guided us through what to expect and how to best prepare for my personal goals for my labor. I texted her daily and she always responded with compassion and support. She visited several times and always included our whole family, including my 4 year old. She is not only a wealth of knowledge, but also so thoughtful. Pregnancy, labor, and postpartum are such intimate experiences and Becky's approach is so comforting she feels like family. 