DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
3 TESTIMONIALS

Bree Zaccaro CD(DONA)

The Breezy Doula

Lake Forest, CA  Service range 20 miles

9493000433

http://www.thebreezydoula.com

Birth Fee

$1000 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $50

CONTACT BREE VIEW BREE'S AVAILABILITY

Jasmine W.6/8/2023I had an amazing birth experience, thanks a lot to Bree - it's one of the best decisions in my life to work with her as my birth doula! Bree helped me make birth plan in early pregnancy, and coached me on helpful labor positions approaching delivery date. On the date of the delivery she used her rich doula toolkit - from candle lights, to scents, to treats for the hospital staff, to her guided medications through the entire process, during and between every single contractions. My birth wish also came true - managed the pain without an epidural, even with a continuous IV, monitoring, and pitocin administration. Recovery was like a snap, I look back at the experience with great appreciation and joy. I couldn't have done it without Bree. Thank you Bree for being the best doula in the world!!!


Chelsea Peppas1/28/2023We were so blessed that a friend referred the owner of “The Breezy Doula" Bree Zaccaro, to my husband and I a couple of months before our due date. This being our first experience, I knew I wanted a natural birth, but didn’t exactly know what that would look like in a hospital setting. Bree took the time to come to our home and help create our birth plan, which included pain management, birth preferences and desired newborn procedures. Bree was completely supportive and respectful toward any and all decisions my husband and I had made. I labored at home for close to eight hours, then asked Bree to meet us at the hospital. Unfortunately, rush hour traffic, an epic rainstorm and a bad accident on the 5 freeway, made our commute to the hospital significantly longer than expected. I was so relieved to know Bree was immediately on her way, had already notified the L&D unit that I was en route, while greeting me at the entrance to the hospital. I arrived at the hospital 7cm dilated. A little over two hours later our healthy baby boy was born via vaginal delivery without unnecessary interventions. Bree went above and beyond by helping with massage during each contraction, position changes and making my preferences known multiple times to the nurses and doctor when they wanted to deviate from my birth plan. I am so very thankful we had Bree as our doula and highly recommend using “The Breezy Doula” for antepartum, birth and postpartum needs. 


Lauren Patterson1/11/2023Bree is a dream Doula from the beginning to the end of my experience with her was excellent. She is well educated and explained her services clearly. I loved how easy it was to complete my birth plan with her. I really wouldn't have been able to be in natural labor without her help the counter pressure helped so much and her constant support in pushing me for what I wanted. I'd recommend her to any pregnant mama. 