DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Candace Caballero

Livity Doula

Calabasas, CA  Service range 25 miles

https://livitydoula.com

Birth Fee

$2000 to $2500

Black Doula

CONTACT CANDACE VIEW CANDACE'S AVAILABILITY

Rosa3/13/2023We are so fortunate to have found and matched with Candace on our prenatal and postpartum journey. Out of all the things my husband and I can recommend in terms of preparing for a first time birth is having Candace by your side. She is so wonderful, and so kind, calm and supportive, she was exactly what we needed. She took care of me and my husband (and baby) throughout the entire birth and the weeks leading up until. When I wasn’t sure of something she would be right there explaining and reassuring me. Even though my labor happened so fast, she was with us every step and having her support really helped me re-focus during the transition. She helped me with breath work through every wave and ultimately, I was able to deliver our girl naturally and unmedicated. As a first time mom, I cannot thank her enough! Thank you, Candace, you are a wonderful soul. 


Sharon2/10/2023I was truly blessed to have Candace by my side during the birth of my daughter. From the moment I met her, I felt an instant connection on both a spiritual and personal level. Candace's practice of Buddhism and mindfulness is evident in all that she does, and she brought a deep sense of peace and intentionality to my birth experience. She was also incredibly reliable, always available to answer any questions or concerns I had, and her simultaneously gentle and powerful guidance during my birth was invaluable.Working with Candace was truly transformative. She provided not only emotional and physical support throughout my pregnancy and labor, but she helped me feel more empowered and informed than I could have hoped. She provided so much information and so many resources to prepare for my birth. I appreciated (and definitely needed) the diverse range of services offered, including prenatal and postpartum support, as well as support for both home and hospital births. As a result, I felt at ease when my intended home birth turned into my needing to be transferred to the hospital. Even still, the energy around my birth felt as sacred as it would have felt at home, thanks to Candace.Candace is not just a doula, but a spiritual guide who truly embodies the principles of what it is to be a conduit for the Divine. As a first-time parent, I felt a lot of trepidation, and she brought a sense of calm and serenity to what could have been an overwhelming and stressful experience, if it weren't for her. I am so, so grateful to have had her by my side, and now consider her a part of my soul family, and one of the most important parts of my birth experience.


Ashley1/24/2023While new in her doula journey, Candace has gone above and beyond in ensuring my comfort, wellbeing, and sanity all throughout this beautiful process. She has not only made it known that she is here for me through it all, but has made herself a part of our new family. Anyone would be lucky to have her! Thank you so much Candace