DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
40 TESTIMONIALS

Cathy (Cat) Gomez

Doula Cathy TLC

Folsom, CA  Service range 33 miles  serving Sacramento-Placer-El Dorado-and Yolo Counties

615-516-8024

https://doulacathytlc.com

Birth Fee

$1000 to $1800

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Liz Williams7/6/2023Working with Cathy Gomez - to us Doula Cat, was one of the best decisions we made as part of our pregnancy journey, birth, and beyond. From the moment we met Cat, she provided our family with education, diverse resources, and tailored support to meet our family’s birth intentions.  Each session with Doula Cat was thoughtfully planned and accompanied by a whole range of relent materials – from handouts to videos and website links, she has it all covered. A key resource Doula Cat brought to us was the Body Ready Method, which provided increased understanding and physical preparation of body alignment during pregnancy and in anticipation of birth, which was transformative for our labor experience.  Doula Cat not only helped guide us through education and physical preparation, but she nurtured our spiritual and emotional selves as we prepared for birth and parenthood. Through labor and delivery, she was the calm steady coach, and we could not have imagined not having her by our side. We like to call her our secret sauce to having such a wonderful birthing experience and would highly recommend her services. She has taught us lifelong lessons we continue to tap into as parents, and we are forever grateful for her. 


Erika6/23/2023I highly recommend Cathy Gomez' doula services! She provided such great support and ease for me during my pregnancy and birth of my baby girl, as I was quite busy and overwhelmed, moving to a new city, lacking a local community of support, and being unfamiliar with local resources.  She is a wealth of information for how to best plan and prepare for an easeful and mindful childbirth, feel healthy and confident throughout pregnancy, and set up supports for postpartum / the fourth trimester. I appreciated her comprehensive guidance, tailored in-person sessions, and constant availability to listen and respond to any questions or concerns I had. Her demeanor is also so reassuring and kind, that I so appreciated her presence during my childbirth.  I am very grateful to have met Doula Cat and to have had such an empowering labor and delivery! Than you Cat!


Katie von der Lieth4/13/2023I cannot imagine my pregnancy and labor experience without Cathy's knowledge, support, and kindness. My partner and I have said to each other multiple times regarding my pregnancy, "working with Cathy was one of the best decisions we made."From the very first time we met, Cathy helped us navigate through tough questions (how to evaluate different hospitals? What questions should I be asking the obgyn?) and throughout my pregnancy she provided caring and evidence-based support to the benefit of myself, my partner, and our baby. Cathy truly changed the trajectory of my pregnancy for the better.  During our sessions, Cathy tailored the content to my specific characteristics, values, and questions. She's a fantastic listener and always responded to my questions and concerns thoughtfully and with nuance and zero judgement. I also very much appreciated that Cathy was very cognizant of the limits of her role and expertise, and was happy to refer me to my midwife when my questions approached those limits. If I had to give my labor and delivery a score it'd be a 10/10 and I am confident I have Cathy to thank for my overwhelmingly positive experience. This was my first baby, and I was honestly terrified of giving birth. With Cathy's expertise and tender support, I became much less fearful and gained a ton of confidence in my ability to have a positive birthing experience. Finally, perhaps one of the most beneficial impacts of working with Cathy was learning how to advocate for myself as a patient. I felt empowered during the induction process to express my preferences and ask for things that weren't normally offered but made my birth experience better. Cathy is an incredible doula and person, and I cannot recommend her enough! 


Shawna McNulty3/9/2023I'm not sure where to even start about Cat, except that if you are looking for someone to fully support you during pregnancy and labor, someone who is thorough, caring and goes above and beyond, Cat is the right fit for you! I'm so grateful for her and I will never forget the time she spent with me throughout my pregnancy to help me prepare for my HBA2C and for her calming and reassuring presence during labor. She is a treasure! 


Leah11/18/2022Its so hard to put into words my gratitude for Cat and her support for myself and my family with the birth of my second child. From the minute I met Cat, I felt so comfortable and most importantly heard. I struggled with birth trauma from my first and I feel like Cat created a warm and safe environment during every meeting to process, and look forward to the birth that was to come. Along every step she was there for me and my husband to answer any questions, calm any fears, and offer loving boosts of confidence. Cat was there to support me in every step on my birth, creating a sweet and thoughtful environment in my hospital room, and help me stay focused on my goals. My second birth was beyond anything I could have imagined and I know Cat played a large role in having the most perfect birth experience.  We could not have asked for a better doula! 


Sydney Corley10/17/2022I am so thankful I had Cat as my doula for my last pregnancy and birth. She really puts so much time, energy, knowledge, and kindness into you and your family. She goes above and beyond, gifting a journal and beautiful hand-made crafts unique to you and your baby and sending you so many resources to explore. One of the things I found the most helpful is Cat took the time to explain and demonstrate how different positions affect labor and delivery. It made so much more sense to me after she talked me through it. During my labor, she transformed my hospital room into a relaxing and calm environment and worked so well with the nursing staff. One of the nurses told me Cat was the best doula she’s ever worked with. She also really helped my husband be a part of the labor and delivery experience and he felt much more confident helping me with Cat’s gentle suggested guidance.I can't recommend Cat enough! 


Morgan9/15/2022From prenatal sessions to postpartum followup, Doula Cat is AMAZING. Cat is so thorough, and so happy to share resources, experiences, and a listening ear to help you through every step of the pregnancy and birth process. We had 4 prenatal sessions (we ended up going to the hospital the day after our 4th visit, otherwise there would have been 5!) she gave great suggestions on how to help move my body to ensure I was comfortable throughout pregnancy, and it helped immensely when it came time to give birth. When we went to the hospital, it was sudden, and a little over 5 weeks before I was due. She was so flexible and supportive, and helped us stay calm in a VERY stressful induction. (I went in for a Non-stress test, and was diagnosed with pre-eclampsia with sever features, and suddenly I was getting ready to have a baby). She was available and right by our side for the whole 2.5 day (60 hour) labor period - she set up the room beautifully with calming lights and mantras, helped me move around the room, and gave me context for what was happening (she worked as an RN previously, which made for WONDERFUL insight along the way). Cat is gentle, knowledgeable, eager to share her knowledge and skills, and wholeheartedly willing to support you in your journey the way you want to have it. She helped connect and work with the hospital staff to keep interactions respectful and calm, and helped get us the information/support/care we needed. I would have her be a part of our birth journey again in a heartbeat. 


Myndie8/5/2022Doula Cat is both a wonderful doula and human being. She was an incredible support to me in my journey into parenthood. Her thoughtful nature and kindness make her ideally suited to being a doula. She did an amazing job of providing helpful information and tailoring our prenatal sessions to exactly what I needed at the time. She was invaluable both during and after the birth and I feel so fortunate to have her as a part of my baby's and my birth story. 


Christina7/2/2022I  was lucky enough to find Doula Cat (my moniker for her since I believe she deserves a title) as a first time single mother by choice and pediatrician.From the first interaction with her, you will feel Doula Cat’s empathy and compassion. She has a list of certifications the length of my arm (check out her website) and has years of experience. I loved that she had used to be a pediatric nurse; her knowledge extends from traditional to holistic medicine. What I valued the most from Doula Cat was her comforting energy. She is ready for anything. I felt relief after I met her knowing I was in good hands, and I was. She has endless ideas for creating a space that you would want for the delivery and emphasizes empowerment and informed consent for the mama before and during labor.  I could not anticipate all the ways this doula would help me physically, mentally, and emotionally prepare, traverse, and recover from the birth of my daughter.  She is called to do what she does and it shows.If you choose to share your birth journey with her, you won’t regret it! Stop searching, just book her. She’s incredible.Some highlights:· Multiple prenatal, in – person, sessions filled with hands on skills and handouts· Props!· You’ll get emails with more informative links, websites, etc. than you could possible read (and she won’t pressure you to do so, but so nice to have!)·  She’s all about going with the flow and was so kind when my schedule caused me delay·  She will take care of YOU; she even fed me during a session when she realized I hadn’t eaten in hours·  She gives off a loving, kind comfort and is assertive when she needs to beSo grateful for you Doula Cat! <3  


Nikki6/30/2022My experience with Cat was more fulfilling than I imagined working with a doula could be. I definitely experienced personal growth during this pregnancy journey. While I did the work to accomplish this, Cat really pointed me in all the right directions by offering me referrals, education, encouragement, and her time. She was the perfect advocate and cheerleader during delivery. Cat is a very thoughtful, kind, and gentle person. I am beyond thankful for my experience with her and that I was able to find her at all!


Christina6/26/2022I chose Doula Cat after reviewing her website and reviews to help me through my first birth as a single mom by choice and pediatrician. Meeting Doula Cat (my name for her, because I feel she deserves an official title) gave me a sense of immense relief because I could tell quickly that she was very experienced, open minded, and has the type of calm energy that immediately soothes and reassures. Her list of certifications is as long as my arm, so she comes with an immense background knowledge on birthing, and she used to be a pediatric nurse, so her experience spans traditional medicine and holistic practices. After working with her, I know I found someone who practices her passion and is called to be a doula. You won't find a kinder, more prepared, more passionate birth coach than Doula Cat.  You can stop searching, just hire her. Or just meet her on a zoom call and see for yourself; this is a very special human and you will not regret working with her!Some highlights: Several prenatal in-person sessions getting hands-on useful skills/ careYou will be emailed more tips, links, resources, etc. than you could possibly read (and she doesn't expect you to, but if you want them, they are all useful!)Doula Cat has a 'go with the flow' mindset and was flexible when emergencies and schedules conflictedShe is consistently patient, calm, and kindHer focus is on taking care of you! She even fed me when she realized it had been awhile since I'd eatenKnowing I didn't have a partner, without my asking, Doula Cat moved into the "I'm going to be your person" roleI felt incredibly comforted BY her and comfortable WITH her during my most vulnerable and challenging moments of birthA heart-warming post-natal visit that provides closure and (again) comfort!Thank you Doula Cat, just thank you.      


Brenda Paredes4/5/2022As first time mom, I was pretty frightened about labor. I found Doula Cat's web page, and I felt a strong connection to her right away. Meeting her in person just solidified that connection for me; She has such a calming and kind energy, and I could really tell she loves what she does.We had a number of meetings before my labor. She dedicated so much time teaching my husband and I about the birth process and also helped me develop skills to keep my mind at ease during labor. She also provided us with a ton of educational resources and always made herself available to answer calls/texts.I felt so supported by her that my third trimester ended up being the calmest for me.On the day of my labor, Doula Cat met my husband and I at the hospital. Just seeing her brought me extra reassurance that everything was going to be okay. I was in active labor at the hospital for about 30 hrs and Doula Cat never left my side. She helped get my body in optimal positions at every stage of the labor, was my voice and advocate when things got challenging, and she worked incredibly well with all of the hospital staff. Many of them even recognized her from other labors, and even those who had just met her continuously praised her as the "best Doula ever." I think it speaks volumes when hospital teams who regulary work through labors are impressed by your Doula's skillset and knowledge. My labor was long and challenging at times, but Doula Cat's support helped me feel empowered and calm the entire time.Doula Cat also met with my husband and I a few weeks after labor. She brought some thoughtful gifts to commemorate the labor, and she helped me process my birth story.I feel like I had an amazing Doula during pregnancy/labor and now have a lifelong friend. If you have the chance to cross paths with Doula Cat, I am sure you and your family will feel the same way. I highly recommend her! 


Sam2/11/2022There are not enough words to describe how grateful I am for Doula Cat. She is an absolute angel on earth. She went above and beyond in every way, both before, during, and after the birth of my son. You can tell she genuinely loves what she does - being a doula is more than just her job, it’s her calling.Cat was instrumental in my birth story. My birth story did not go at all to plan - I ended up having a five day long induction - so I needed a LOT of emotional support. Cat was able to help me process and overcome many obstacles that were thrown my way. She helped me stay grounded and remember to breathe. And helped me make informed decisions - I felt informed and empowered in spite of all the unexpected interventions.I cannot imagine being able to get through that without her unwavering love and support. Both my husband and I are SO grateful for the support she provided - he needed help too! Five days at the hospital was draining for the both of us. Although I will say she made my hospital room an absolute dream with twinkle lights, music, affirmation cards, and an essential oil diffuser - it was a whole vibe!In addition to her heart of gold, tender loving spirit, and thoughtfulness - what I love about Cat is she has a plethora of knowledge and resources to share. She provides all the resources you could possibly need to prepare you for labor, and postpartum. As someone who loves learning, this was a huge bonus for me. She is an amazing educator, and once you hire her, she makes herself available to you anytime of day. Her emotional and physical support is absolutely invaluable.I would hire Cat again without hesitation - and I recommend her to anyone who is looking for a doula


David Wands10/26/2021Our first pregnancy and doula.I can't begin to explain the amount of help that Cat brought to me and my wife. We had a first child October 3rd 2021, it's only three weeks later now. Knowing what I know now, not only would i not even consider not getting a doula, if Cat told me her price was 5x what we were charged i would pay it without question. We delivered our baby girl during the pandemic, none of our family or friends were allowed in the hospital at all. We had a five day labor, Cat came to our house multiple times with props and her knowledge and saved our butts. When we finally were admitted the two first nurses we saw were just terrible, treating my wife like a pin cushion, not giving her proper explanations of what they were going to do before doing it. Neither one of us had slept and we were very stressed out, I got ahold of Cat very early morning and she rushed over and honestly just saved the day for us.Cat is smart, professional, fair and just all around lovely. Without her i don't know that we would've made it at all. 


Angie10/26/2021I don't know where to begin, Cat was a blessing to have for our first birth. She is very educated and passionate about being a doula, offering many different theories and research based views about having a positive birthing experience. She empowered me to be my own advocate. She supported my birth preferences without judgement and helped me express my needs when needed. She was clam and encouraging which gave us confidence throughout the birthing process. We couldn’t have done it without her and highly recommended Cat!


Danielle Lopez9/3/2021Cat is an absolute miracle worker!! I cannot stress enough how amazing and helpful she was!! Coming from a very traumatic first birth I was terrified to go into labor again (I even had to see a therapist).  I interviewed 4-5 doulas and instantly liked her. She was qualified, educated, but most importantly she had a calming presence, showed empathy and listened carefully to my needs and requests. She provided a safe place with no judgement or criticism. Leading up to the big day we had several calls and/or in person meetings (depending on our comfort level due to Covid of course). She provided ample amounts of information and as my husband would like to say she was a "resource queen". She was unbiased, never persuaded us to do one thing or another and was very patient.Day of birth, she was an absolute angel and was always 5 steps ahead. She could read my body and tell when I needed assistance without me even asking (ie, offer water or more air, provided counter pressure or rhymic movement, move my body in the right position to aid with the specific stage of birth I was in, provide words of encouragement or simply stand there and be quiet while I concentrated on my body and stay in the moment). She asisted my husband in helping me and created a beautiful space for me and my family.I can honestly say that because of Cats support and education I was able to have the beautiful birth experience I had always dreamed of. Everything worked out perfectly and I was able to walk away from it all with a full heart and nothing but gratitude. Thank you Cat from the bottom of my heart! I wish every woman could have you as a resource so they too can have a beautiful experience like I did. Xoxo


Dorothy Stremsterfer9/2/2021I decided I needed a doula for my second birth when my first birth left me feeling out of sync and powerless in many ways. I was full of fear and didn't know that I could ask questions or get more support. This time I knew I needed a doula. We were in the height of the pandemic and my husband would be the only support person allowed. I wanted to try for an unmedicated birth but more than that I wanted an empowered birth without fear or suffering. We connected with Cat and felt confident she would educate us and support us. Cat is a nurturing presence and was the calming energy we needed! I had discomfort that limited my modibility during pregnancy and Cat connected me to a prenatal yoga group that was wonderful. Cat met with us on zoom mostly and we didn't feel that hindered us at all. At every doctors/hospital visit Cat reminded me to ask questions and I felt I had many more options than ever before. I felt in charge of my experience and confident! On the day my water broke Cat arrived to our home to help us labor as long as we could before going to the hospital. The first exercise we did moved me into late stages of labor. Mind you I had been 3cm dilated at my last check however things moved quickly! Cat helped get my breathing where it needed to be and gave me essential oils to breathe. Cat gave us the ability to feel confident in my process. I felt calm and a peace I didn't know was possible in labor. We arrived at the hospital and went immediately into the delivery room and our son was born unmedicated an hour after arriving. It happened quickly, our son was just under 10lbs, and I gave birth masked with my husband as my sole in-person support. Cat truly paved the way for this experience to unfold so beautifully. We couldn't ask for anything more. It was beyond what we could have imagined. The confidence my husband and I felt I wish for every couple expecting. We are so grateful Cat will forever be a part of our dream birth story! 


Kristi6/24/2021Words can not express how wonderful it was to work with Cat. To say she went above and beyond to support us through our pregnancy and labor is an understatement. We absolutely love her and highly recommend her!We were referred to Cat by a friend who also worked with her. We are so grateful for the referral. Cat is extremely knowledgeable, patient, attentive and kind. This was our first pregnancy and Cat was there for us every step of the way. She gave me the confidence and knowledge that I needed to bring our beautiful baby into this world. Our labor did not go exactly as planned, but Cat was there to help give us options that were not provided by the nurses. I truly believe her guidance was what helped me avoid additional medical intervention. She is an absolute blessing! Beyond all the knowledge and support she provided. She took photos and documented our whole labor journey. These memories will be forever cherished.You won't be disappointed working with Cat! 


K & M2/25/2021Doula Cat listened and fully understood me from the start. She is a wealth of knowledge, empathetic, wise, patient, and kind. Her prenatal support is an unmatched personalized, private childbirth class series with limitless counseling & support. She helped me through the navigation of finding the birth setting, location, and medical team that was right for me. She empowered me with wisdom and showed me unconditional kindness and understanding during pregnancy, labor AND birth. My stormy year of 2020 had piece by piece come together perfectly in the end and I had the very best hospital birth experience I could ever had hoped for or thought possible with Doula Cat present. In labor, Doula Cat held my hands and told me the most nurturing and helpful things in each moment. She used massage touch, aromatherapy, and her words to ground me, alleviate symptoms, and progress labor. She showed my husband and I how to find a rhythm and she protected and encouraged it over and over, being flexible and open-minded throughout. She was a guardian angel actively helping us moment by moment. I would never expect to have every birth wish come true or for labor to progress so quickly and birth be so fast, but I know that Cat had so much to do with that. I feel that I could not have achieved that without her. She will never take the credit, but this is absolutely her calling and she will forever be a very special person to us and so many others that are lucky to cross paths with her. Every birthing family deserves a Doula Cat.


Katherine Flaherty12/5/2020Cathy (Cat) was a blessing to my husband and I and we highly recommend her as a doula. Cat is compassionate, wise and highly educated. Her calm voice and mindful philosophy regarding childbirth were what originally drew me to her. She was so great to work with throughout the pregnancy and her unbais approach to every situation helped my husband and I navigate the joys and challenges of our pregnancy during Covid times. Our meetings throughout the pregnancy were informative, helped us understand what to expect and how to work together during labor. Cat impressed us with her ability to impart information without judgement helping us to make informed decisions about what was right for us, and our journey. During labor and delivery she was an invaluable member of our birth team! Instantly when she arrived she changed the environment in our hospital room to a calm and peaceful space. The nurses even commented on the spa like atmosphere. Cat supported me directly for over 24hours straight while working gracefully with my husband and the nursing staff. She was instrumental in bringing everyone together to best support me and my baby throughout a challenging labor and delivery process. Her knowledge of positioning is what helped my son turn and for me to be able to deliver vaginally. For this I am forever grateful to her. She was truly like a gaurdian angel watching over my son and I during the birthing process. After the delevery she continued to give selflessly of her time even though it was birthday. Cat continued her support through postpartum by answering questions, checking in with me, and sharing priceless photos of the labor and birth. Lastly, during our postpartdum meeting she presented lovely personalized gifts and a timeline of our son's birth. She is thoughtful, generous with her time and a calming presence. If you have the opportunity to work with her, life has offered you a gift that you will always cherish during the most profound time in life.  


Liz Zenuk11/8/2020We highly recommend Cat if you are looking for a doula to help welcome a baby into this world. She was a beacon for us through the entire journey. She has the most calming voice, which was especially helpful during the tough moments of labor. As new parents we really appreciated all her time and wonderful outlook on the world. I find yoga and meditation so valuable and she helped us carve out time in our days for focus on these important tools. She is so passionate about what she does, her love for moms & new babies and the care she provided still resonates with us. She helped my husband and I create such a great team foundation and we are so grateful for her caring personality through the whole process. In subtle ways she built this wonderful circle of trust between me, my baby, my husband and her. It was such a beautiful human connection and we are so thankful!


Stephanie11/4/2020Before getting pregnant I always envisioned having a supportive doula with me during labor and delivery. Once COVID-19 hit, those plans took a back seat, and I planned to go without the support. During my third trimester I began rethinking my birth plan and felt a pull to find a doula to support me. I reached out to a few doulas before finding Cat, and I am SO glad they didn't end up working out. I immediately felt connected to Cat by reading her website. She mentioned her energy work and moving across the country during pregnancy. During my 28th week of pregnancy I relocated from the east coast to california, and Cat was beyond supportive. She dropped by supplies and was such a caring presence during the transition. She also guided me in selecting the birthing center, and was so supportive and nonjudgmental throughout the process. I don't think I would have survived labor without Cat. She came to my house and helped me through very intense contractions before we transferred to the birthing center. Her presence put us at ease, and we will always be so grateful for her! She also took the most beautiful photos during the birth. Cat is truly a rare gem, and I cannot recommend her doula services enough. Our family will always have a special bond with her. 


Alyssa8/12/2020The moment I met Cat, I knew she was the person I wanted to have as our doula. Her essence, everything from her words to the way she carries herself, is incredibly grounding. She has a vast wealth of knowledge about pregancy and labor, but also isn't afraid to say when she doesn't know something and takes the time to find an answer.I didn't know when I got pregnant that there would be a pandemic by the time I was in my second trimester. I always knew I wanted a doula, but with all of the extra stress, having Cat by my side was essential. She went above and beyond to meet over video for meditations and check-ins. It clearly came from the deep care she has for her clients.During the labor and at the hospital, Cat was able to help me communicate with my husband, mother, and hospital staff so that everyone could have their needs met. She had a huge toolbox of exercises and techniques for us to rotate through based on how I was feeling. Our nurse was so impressed with her, she told us she wished all her interactions with doulas were as respectful and patient focused. Her generosity is only matched by her thoughtfulness. In our postpartum meeting she gave us gifts that truly reflected our time together and brought both my husband and I to tears. We will always always think of her when we look at our sweet child. We would happily ask her to guide us through a second birth and consider her a very dear person to our family.


Erica7/19/2020It was a wonderful experience working with Cat! This was my third baby, but my first time planning on giving birth intervention-free as much as possible. Cat helped give me confidence that my body was made to do this, and provided me with so much support, encouragement, and resources. I really appreciated her thorough and balanced approach, as well as her willingness to follow my lead in this journey. I was also grateful that she communicated with me frequently during my pregnancy, and even afterwards she was there to support me during postpartum challenges. She was a grounding and calming presence during the most intense part of my labor which is what I needed the most in those moments. Cat is exactly what a doula should be and I'm grateful that she was a part of this special experience for me! 


Susanna7/19/2020We were so lucky to have Cat as our doula. Cat is incredibly generous with her time, very calming, and flexible. After our birth, the nurses raved about her, highlighting her team-oriented approach. I highly recommend her!


Sarah Wagner1/5/2020As a first time mom there were 2 things that I feared the most. 1- the fear of not knowing what to except during labor/delivery 2- fear that my husband, Donny, would not be there to help me through this experience.My husband works out of state, I was terrified that I would go into labor and him miss the birth of his first child, and being alone especially since I don't have family near by. When I met with Cat, I discovered she completely understood my feelings, being that she too experienced a spouse working long distance. To know she could relate was extremely comforting. Cat has gone above and beyond for us helping me prepare for labor and delivery. She shared knowledge that I did not know, answered all my questions and then some. Even when I was put on pelvic rest due to pre-term contractions at 32 weeks pregnant, she came to me for our prenatal visits. Cat even took the time to bond with my over active and anxious dog, with the knowledge knowing that I may need her when laboring at home and wanted to make sure the dog was at ease with her presence. As weird as it may sound we were lucky when I went to my 37th week DR visit I was diagnosed with hypertension which lead to induction. It took out the worry of my husband not making it, once I got a hold of him, and was able to get the earliest flight out.Even though I was terrified of the unknown, with Cat by my side she had given me the strength and confidence she knew that was inside of me to get through it all.  She knew exactly what I needed and gave me the knowledge to make all my decisions.  I truly could not have imagined what I would have done without her there with me.  My proudest moment was the day I delivered my daughter, and I know the reason that her birth was as smooth, and successful, as is was, was because of Cat!  My husband and I are so thankful to have had her on our support team.  Best decision we made. 


Sam12/21/2019Cat provided us with incredible support before, during, and after the birth of my first child this fall.When first looking for a birth doula, my partner and I were immediately drawn to Cat's calm presence and her mindfulness-based childbirth philosophy. Over the course of multiple meetings Cat came to our home and worked with us to not only prepare for labor phsycailly, but also emotionally. She even gave our rambucious dog some love and attention during her visits.When I first when into labor, Cat was immediately available via phone. She joined us at the hospital just after midnight and stayed nearly 24 hours - awake and supportive throughout the entire time. Cat helped me to move in different positions, and showed my partner different techniques to help me cope better. When he became tired, Cat encouraged him to take a much needed rest while she "tagged in" as full support for a few minutes. After some complicating factors, we were faced with a series of decisions to make. Exhausted from a long labor, Cat made sure that we fully understand our choices by asking that the medical team clarify or add in additional information. My partner and I were thus fully in control of the decisions we had to make and well equipped with the information needed to make them.Most wonderful of all, however, is what Cat provided us after our child was born. During a post-partum visit, Cat gave us a full written recount of the birth story. She had detailed information and an outsider's perspective that together filled in some of the gaps in my memory of event. The gift of a birth story really cannot be overstated, especially when I had such conflicting memories of labor and the event itself.Cat is truly a gem of a person and a wonderfully supportive doula.


Ngan Tran11/11/2019In a life time, if you’re lucky, you will encounter a few very special people who changed your life forever. Cat is that special person for us. Our bond with Cat started from very beginning on our first interview with her. We stopped interviewing other doulas right after meeting Cat, since we knew Cat would be one to help us with the birth of our daughter. My husband and I wanted an intervention free birth and although we ended with anything but a natural birth due to complications beyond anything we could have prepared for, we could never imagine how we could have gotten through it all without Cat’s guidance and support. Her incredibly sweet, thoughtful, generous and kind nature helped propelled us through quite a traumatic birth and gave us so much courage that we felt as though we could conquer anything that come our way. Since this is our first birth, my husband and I had many fears about the birth process and outcome given the unknown territory. Cat was there at the very beginning to ease any fear. Not only that, she empowered us with many tools, particularly for my husband, to support me to manage the pain. She also taught us mindfulness skills to help us become mindful parents, which is an incredible gift to our daughter. Cat has gone above and beyond her role as a doula and was there for us from the very beginning, for all of nearly 40 hours of labor. No words could express how grateful we are for all Cat has done for us and for that we are forever indebted to her. Any expecting couple is lucky to have Cat as their doula.


Stephanie10/28/2019I had the pleasure of working with Cat during my pregnancy and birth of my daughter Emilia. Cat was always so warm and encouraging and really helped me work through some of my fears around delivery. She taught me mindfulness skills that I was able to use during labor to help me manage my worries. During the birth Cat was a calming and encouraging presence. Throughout my time with her she always made me feel strong and confident in my ability to birth my daughter the way I wanted. I cannot thank her enough for all the ways that she supported me and my family during my pregnancy and delivery and I am so thankful that she was there to share in this life changing experience with us.


Marissa Krull8/30/2019Where to start. Have you ever had one of those encounters where everything eerily lines up in the best way possible? When I searched for a doula for the birth of our second child and found Cat’s profile I had a hunch she would be the one and that I should look no further. When she replied via email, her caring sweet nature shined through. When we set up the phone call I was even more pleased with how much we connected! It felt like it was destiny for our paths to cross. Throughout the whole process my husband and I felt completely supported by her! My husband and I are two very different people and she was able to communicate effectively with both of us and our 8 year old. With my nursing background and her expertise in nursing I really appreciated her scientific input. My husband appreciated the natural holistic approach she brought to the equation. My pregnancy was pretty complicated and caused me a lot of anxiety, but Cat was always there with her positivity and loving support till the very end! She was always so calm and gentle and always met me where I was at, fully open, compassionate and present. I could absolutely not imagine by birth experience without her.  I truly feel so blessed that she came into our lives! The only regret I have is that I didn’t find her earlier for the birth of my first born! If you manage to have Cat as your doula you have secured an absolute gem! She truly loves what she does and is a total gift to this community! We will always hold a special place in our hearts for Cat!!! 


Marly Young6/30/2019Cat helped me achieve the intervention-free birth of a healthy baby boy that I had hoped for.At 4 am a month before my due date, my water broke. As instructed by my doctor, my husband and I headed straight to the hospital to have it checked out. When your water breaks, it is advised that you deliver within 24 hours to avoid infection so the pressure to be induced is very high. I did not want to be induced as I feared it would lead to a cascade of medical interventions. I requested a few hours to let my labor progress on its own. But by 8 pm, I was checked again and I was only 2 1/2 cm dilated. My doctor said she would induce me by 12 if I didn’t show significant progress by then. I felt very discouraged so we called Cat and asked her to come to the hospital. She arrived with lavender scented oil, tea lights, calm music and other tools to help set the mood. She got me out of the hospital bed and into various positions to help my labor progress. She showed my husband how to apply counter pressure and other ways to support me through the now painful contractions. Three hours later, when I was sure I couldn’t take another second, I was fully dilated and it was time to push. I was completely shocked that we had made so much progress so fast. 45 minutes later my son was born! I am so proud of my birth story and I have Cat to thank for helping me achieve it by keeping me calm and focused on the moment, not my fear of future pain. She also took incredible photos that captured the most meaningful moments like when they first handed me my son, my husband cutting the cord and my husband and I gazing in disbelief at our new baby. I still get emotional when I look at those pictures. Cat transformed my birth experience from one of fear and pressure to one of empowerment. I am extremely grateful for her kind support and encouragement.   


Kelley5/11/2019Working with Cat undoubtedly made our prenatal and birth experience more successful, mindful, and joyful. We wouldn’t have been nearly as successful with our intention of a natural birth without Cat’s support and guidance through the whole process. Cat provided incredible education and support from the moment we connected.  Her pre-birth education is thorough and very helpful for understanding the birth process and what to expect.  We were especially pleased with her background as a nurse, comfort in the hospital setting, and dedication to evidence-based recommendations and interventions. She is incredibly kind and mindful and always wants to hear and respect your wishes and perspectives.  She is not only a wealth of knowledge but also tools and experience to make the actual birth process go more smoothly, from essential oil diffusers to fans to balls to yoga and breathing, she helped transform our hospital room into a safe and comfortable space. We cannot speak highly enough of our experience, we could go on and on. We feel incredibly fortunate to have had Cat as our doula and blessed to have her witness and support us bringing our beautiful baby boy into the world. 


Emily C4/13/2019Working with Cat through my pregnancy, labor and delivery, and postpartum was absolutely such a gift and privalge for me and my family. While my husband had initially been somewhat hesitant about the idea of hiring a doula, he now says that he can’t imagine our experience without her, and we are so thankful  we had her as part of our team. Prior to birth day, Cat she was such a great support answering all of our many questions and providing the best evidence based information so that we could always make an informed decision. She never pushed her own views or agendas, which we really appreciated! As this was our first pregnancy, we felt so clueless and nervous about many things, and Cat was so wonderful, kind, and understanding. I had a lot of anxiety as my pregnancy progressed, and Cat was always a calm and reliable presence. She supported me in discovering and practicing maechanisms to help manage my worries.She really puts so much time and energy into to learning and developing her knowledge, it is so clear that it is such a passion for her, and you also feel that passion and comittment during every interaction with her.  When the big day finally came, there are no words to fully describe how wonderful it was to have Cat by our side! She was an amazing support, not only for me, but for my husband as well. She was such a constant calming and peaceful presence, while also being so skilled at gently, but steadfastly, helping me to focus and endure through those really tough moments. Following labor and delivery, Cat continued to be an unwavering support as I juggled the joys and many challenges of being a new mom. She checked in with me often and always made herself avaialable to speak over the phone. We highly recommend Cat to any family considering having a birthing doula! Her knowledge, experience, and generosity of spirit is absolutely priceless!! 


Tara Tesa11/25/2018Cat was amazing! She was recommended to us by close friends who had used her services the year before. She is soft-spoken, kind-hearted, generous and has a wealth of knowledge at her fingertips. We met several times at her house and our house, and each time she made us feel more comfortable with becoming first time parents and I felt she really prepared us for the birth. Once the day came, she was right there by my side the whole time and listened to what I wanted (and needed) and really made the whole labor process an amazing experience!   She guided me through everything and I couldnt have imagined going through it without her. After my son was born, we met 2 weeks after for a postpartum follow up and she greeted us with our birth story which we will forever cherish. It captuted everything from a few days before the birth, right up until my son was born. I highly recommended Cat and would use her again in a heartbeat!


Lisa Georgiou11/8/2018Cathy was born to be a doula. She brings years of experience as an RN and a yoga teacher, and she is deeply passionate about her work. Her skill-set and services are unmatched — Cathy is a treasure.After a long and challenging labor with my first child, I knew I needed more support with my second. I've known Cathy for many years — we met through yoga teacher training, and she later educated me about breastfeeding, mentoring me as I nursed my daughter. Since then, our friendship has grown and I was blessed to have her by my side.One of Cathy’s most unique qualities is the way she listens. During our prenatal sessions, she listened so intently to our needs, wants, fears and hopes. I felt safe and understood throughout the entire experience.Cathy checked in regularly to offer support and motivation. She would often send meaningful quotes and articles, and was always available to talk if I felt discouraged or worried.Our son arrived a few days late and the labor escalated quickly. As soon as I saw Cathy's calm, confident face, I knew everything would be ok, and I knew I had the strength to do this. She made eye contact while guiding my breath, and her voice kept me grounded in the present moment. When I decided to get an epidural, she gently stroked my arms and legs while holding a safe space for me to move through each contraction.Luca was born into the most tranquil environment. It was a beautiful birth and I'm so grateful.Cathy continued to support me in the weeks after I gave birth. I experienced some breastfeeding challenges and she went above and beyond to get me through some of the early struggles.Cathy is an outstanding doula and she cares deeply about each of her clients. When you hire Cathy as your doula, know you are also gaining a very special friend.


Sidney Gall10/23/2018To say that Cathy is an incredible doula, is an understatement. Simply, she has been a massive blessing in my life. I would not have gotten through my labor and delivery without Cathy's graceful attitude, care, & support. She exhibits everything one would hope for in a doula.My husband and I did not have much room in our finances at the time I was looking for a doula. Cathy's heart though, is so pure. Her passion is that every family could experience the supportive role of a doula; for that reason she graciously met us halfway. Oh, how grateful I am.During the time leading up to birth, Cathy provided a wonderful service; she prepared us so well. Cathy did not overwhelm us with information, rather she carefully selected information that was evidence based. This was especially helpful because the amount of information on all things pregnancy & baby can be quite daunting. We were so appreciative that Cathy sifted through this for us, because trust me it is exhausting!Cathy was a wonder woman when it came to answering my 2:30 am call about losing my mucus plug, to meeting me at the hospital & coaching me through every contraction. Cathy was an integral part of this process. She gave my husband support through the entire process & helped him to help me! It was truly inspiring & such a unique bond. When the labor & delivery did not go as hoped, Cathy responded to the situation gracefully & with such a loving heart.The sweetest most precious part was Cathy's postpartum visit when she cared for my exhausted, baby blues, overwhelmed state. She is a woman of integrity, care, & love. Her intentionality is unmatched & it is a true gift to be the recipient of it. It is my utmost recommendation that Cathy be considered as your doula.


Kim Coppola1/14/2018During our first meeting, we knew that Cathy would be our Doula. We instantly felt connected to her warm and reassuring presence. Throughout the pregnancy, Cathy made herself available to meet with us to develop our birth plan, answer questions, and practice deep breathing and stretching exercises to get ready for labor. She consistently checked-in after doctor appointments and was encouraging as we got closer to our due date. On the “big day”, Cathy exceeded our expectations. Her expertise and reassuring nature is contagious and helped us stay calm throughout the process. I had a long labor and Cathy was available via text/phone calls up until the time we asked her to join as at the hospital (which she gladly did at 4am). From the moment Cathy arrived at the hospital, she did not leave our side (and she was there for 24 hours). Throughout the labor/delivery, Cathy displayed the utmost competence and professionalism. During the challenging aspects of labor, Cathy had an unbelievable way of anticipating my needs before I even knew it was a need. From encouraging me to change positions to offering counter-pressure to offset the pain, Cathy was fabulous. Her knowledge and compassion helped put me and my husband at ease so we could make the best decisions for our situation. Once our baby arrived, Cathy thoughtfully documented our experience so my husband and I could be present with our daughter and not have to worry about taking pictures. I can’t overemphasize how crucial it was that Cathy anticipated so many of our needs without us realizing they were needs. Postpartum, Cathy made herself available for questions and her support helped us cope during our first days/weeks at home. Cathy’s expertise and knowledge was especially helpful in fostering my choice to breastfeed. Overall, Cathy is an unbelievable Doula and anyone would be lucky to have her be apart of their birth experience.


Manon1/14/2018Our experience with Cathy was nothing short of amazing. I don’t even know where to start! She was recommended to me by a friend. Cathy is so devoted and you can really tell that pregnancy and birth is her passion. Cathy has a huge heart and is so supportive in so many ways, just talking about her I can get emotional, because she helped us so much. She was so attentive to every one to my feelings, and answered every of our questions in the most complete way. She helped us with the overflow of information and questions pregnant women can have.She also knows really well what it is to be pregnant. She gave us emotional and physical support and tons of useful information. I am so thankful we met her… I had my baby on Halloween and she was so efficient. She provided me so much comfort helping me relax through labor, helping me with breathing exercise, gentle pressure, touch, and positive affirmations. My husband was really happy she was there to help, because he was very overwhelmed himself, and he feels as emotional and grateful as me when we talk about Cathy. I wanted a totally natural birth and I had it, I don’t think I would have done it without her. After our daughter was born and it was time for Cathy to go back to her house, I cried because of I was so thankful.Cathy also helped us postpartum.. Breastfeeding wasn’t easy for me, and she gave me a lot of useful advice and tricks and ideas and now my baby is totally breastfed. I will always keep Cathy in my heart and I am so happy I have the beautiful glass star she made as a memory of our crossing path. I look forward to tell my daughter about the wonderful person that helped us bring her to this world. Meeting Cathy is like having a guardian angel who looks at you with care, and love, and help you to have the most amazing experience of your life, and I wish to all pregnant woman to meet her.


Elena Sleys1/5/2018As a first time mom I was extremely scared of childbirth. I reached out to Cathy and immediately I knew she was the doula for me. She is soft spoken, calm, and sweet. Cathy went above and beyond to help ease my anxiety. She is very passionate and genuinely cared about me and my family. She was amazing during the birth. My husband was able to relax and get some rest while Cathy sat next to me while I slept. I loved the positive energy she brought to us. I highly recommend her services.


Tay Jackson1/3/2018Christian and Taylor’s Testimony:Speaking from Taylor’s point of viewI found Cat through a friend I trust, and called her right away- very early in my pregnancy. I was a little bit nervous, as this baby was not initially a planned event for us! Although, I did feel in my heart, that he was a gift, and wanted to surround myself and Christian with support through the pregnancy and birth process. Upon our first meeting, I knew Cat would be a wonderful person to help me learn what to expect through this process.Cat is a gentle, kind, compassionate, and very knowledgable Doula. She is truly passionate about what she does, and is also very present. I always felt she was committed to our sessions 100% and wanted me to have the best birth experience possible. She also made sure to include Christian along the process so he could learn also, and know how to be supportive. This was amazing! I learned more about birth than I could have possibly imagined and felt very inspired by each session I had with Cat.I could not have asked for a better person to have by my side during labor. I have been joking that I wouldn’t have been breathing at all, if it weren’t for Cat being there to help guide me (and I am a yoga instructor after all!). The experience of labor is one I will now carry with me in a positive way and I feel very grateful for the support I had through Cat and my family.