DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
10 TESTIMONIALS

Cheryl Alonzo

Mama Cher Doula Services

Simi Valley, CA  Service range 20 miles

747-226-4680

https://www.doulacher.com

Birth Fee

$1000 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $40

CONTACT CHERYL VIEW CHERYL'S AVAILABILITY

Bryan C2/22/2023Cheryl was a fantastic doula! She is compassionate, understanding and knowledgeable. When the time came for us to go to the hospital and deliver our baby, Cheryl arrived engaged and fully prepared. Cheryl's personality is very warm and kind, it makes her a wonderful ally as you go through the process of giving birth. I fully recommended her. 


Mary Catherine Sommers1/15/2023I wanted to share my beautiful experiences with Cheryl to this lovely community. First off, if I can recommend anything for your birth %1000 get a doula. Absolutely make room in your budget because it will provide you ability to focus on just giving birth. When you are in labor it is hard to have a clear mind to answer questions, remember breathing and keep to your birth plan.Your Doula is your go to person to do all that and so much more. What I loved so much about Cheryl with my first birth and ultimately made her essential to my second birth was her pleather of knowledge. Cheryl does the research and has the best ability to help you with process of elimination in the choosing the right choices for you in your birth plan. She goes though all the different senerios and prepares you with knowledge and possible outcomes.Cheryl isn't judgmental at all and is great at making you feel confident in your decisions.  Weather you go all natural, medical and/or anything in between she is not only prepared for them but completely supportive of your choices and great at helping you implement them while in labor.  Another fun perk with Cheryl is she is great at setting the mood in the delivery room. She has a pleather of tools and fun gagits that she uses to provide a calm and comfortable atmosphere. In addition she has an incredible nack for reading your labor signs and providing the right support to get you to the finish line. Thank you Cheryl for being a part of both our sons' births. We are so grateful that we had your support and look forward to the next one! ?? 


Laura7/22/2022I didn't have a doula with my firstborn, but was looking to have a less stressful birth with my second and Cheryl went above and beyond. Her calm presence and reassurance every step along the way cannot be overstated. She was sensitive to what was most important to my birth experience and consistently advocated my preferences to the medical staff. She is also very knowledgeable and was great at communicating options along the way and making sure I understood the choices presented. Also, might seem small in the grand scheme of things but her extra touch with the lighting, oils, music, etc in the hospital birthing room was unexpected but very much appreciated and was the perfect complement to her calm, reassuring presence. I highly recommend Cheryl as a doula.


Lindsey Harry2/23/2022Words can not describe my gratitude for Cheryl. My husband and I were beyond pleased with our choice to hire her as our doula. Before during and after labor and delivery she was nothing short of amazing. She made me feel as comfortable as possible and was able to take some stress off my husband. I didn’t feel the need for any birth classes because of her wealth of knowledge she shared with us. She really goes above and beyond with her time and desire to be as helpful as possible. I already recommended her to my pregnant girlfriends! Thanks again Cheryl!!! ????????


Delia1/21/2022Cher's sweet energy and calm demeanor were absolutely necessary, as my labor became a bit of a whirlwind that included driving to the birthing center twice (30 minutes away), and both times being sent home for not being dilated enough. Ultimately, we ended up in a hospital, as there were a some concerns with the baby's movements after about 22 hours of laboring. A hospital birth was what I was dreading the most, but Cher, and her magical bag of tricks, had items to make laboring in that environment more serene and personal. And, I felt incredibly supported as she advocated for me with the medical staff. While laboring at home, she also used massage and music to help put me at ease.The laboring felt like an eternity, but having another woman there, who has given birth, made me feel a lot more confident and empowered for the event ahead. Otherwise it would have just been me and my male partner, and although we could have managed together, Cher made it possible for both of us to be more present with the added support, and rest when needed. Her presence felt like an old friend visiting by remaining at hand and calm the entire time. It was such a wonderful reminder for me not to freak out - because I did have a couple moments where I knew I would have lost my cool had she not been there. Communication with Cher before and after labor was friendly, pleasant and easy. I always felt heard and cared for. You're definitely in good hands with Cher! I believe that and have already recommended her to a pregnant acquaintance, and will continue recommend her to any other pregnant women I encounter who are on the lookout for a doula. No plans as of yet, however if I do decide on another child, I would love for Cher to be part of the laboring and birthing team once again. It truly was so much more enriching and empowering to have an experienced and knowledgeable, objective woman there by my side.


Mila1/6/2022I have been fortunate to have Cheryl as my doula and support me through my first pregnancy and delivery. She has been the most attentive, educated and sensitive. I was impressed with her exceptional skills at calming anxiety, reducing stress and worries. My goal was to prevent a C-section and Cheryl was the main reason I was able to avoid that and deliver naturally. She was helpful at discussing interventions and making sure I only agree to what is medically necessary.Cheryl is amazing at providing physical and emotional comfort, education and a peace of mind during such an important time of pregnancy and birth.


Pat & Scott12/16/2021We were so happy we found Cheryl. She was with us 110% through a tough labor that was stubborn to progress. Her support was immeasurable. Prior to delivery Cheryl helped us understand what our doctors were telling us and continued to help us plan right up until labor started. The birth plan she created for us really helped communicate our preferences to the hospital staff. During labor Cheryl’s calm and comfort was amazing and helped mama gently through the toughest parts. She was always available for us, quickly responding to all of our questions and following up after each visit with valuable resources via email and text. If we have another child Cheryl will definitely be our doula. Thank you!


Annie Wawrzyniak10/16/2021Cheryl was an absolutely incredible doula and an integral part of the labor and birth of our first baby. She did two prenatal visits with us before baby and gave us a wealth of information and tools to help through pregnancy . She was also so amazing at connecting us to resources that we needed in preparation for birth and beyond. Whenever I reached out with a question , she would always be there for me which was so comforting. Now when it came to the big show , my 48 hour labor , she was present the entire time. We did not sleep for those two days but she was a constant source of comfort and knowledge to my husband and I . She made sure we always were informed and never pressured us . She and my husband were the perfect team to help me through my hard labor. I went all natural and mean it when I say I couldn't have done it without Cheryl . Her bubbly and light personality helped throughout the hard,but so worth it process . Even after her post partum visit she is still a wealth of information and support for our new family.  So grateful we had Cheryl as our doula!


May7/24/2021Cheryl was an amazing doula to myself and my husband, I am so glad I had her throughout my birth experience. She had countless resources to help educate us on all of our questions and was never judgemental or overly opinionated in any way. Cheryl always gave us the pros and cons about each aspect of the whole birthing process and made us a comprehensive birth plan that fitted all of our needs. I HIGHLY recommend Cheryl to anyone seeking a kind, well-educated and resourceful Doula ! 


Lila Shaked5/25/2021Cheryl was ana amazing birth doula for my second baby.  I onyl found out when I was 34 weeks pregnant that I was allowed to have a doula present at the hospital (due to COVID policies.)  I quickly researched and came across Cheryl in doulamatch.  After a consultation, I felt like we really clicked.  I explained that while I hoped for a natural birth, I wanted a doula who would support me in whatever decisions I made.  Cheryl emphasized that as my doula, she would support me in whatever type of birth I envisioned. As my due date got closer, I found myself with more questions.  Cheryl was great at sharing her opinion but would also cite different websites that would be informative on both sides of whatever issue I was facing.  During early labor, Cheryl was in constant comunication with me via phone or text and helped guide me as I progressed to make sure I was ready for the hospital.  In the hospital, Cheryl was everything I hoped a doula could be.  She used massage techniques to ease the pain of the contractions and she communicated with the nurses and midwife to make sure I was seen when needed.  I honestly don't know what I would have done without her there!  Cheryl was an amazing doula and also a friend.  I felt comfortable asking her any question and she was always very responsive.  If I ever had aother baby, I would want Cheryl in the room again!