DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
4 TESTIMONIALS

Cherie Halterman, CD(DONA)

Trusted Instincts Birth Services

Murrieta, CA  Service range 60 miles  Local clients birthing further away may be considered.

https://trustedinstincts.com

Birth Fee

$1200 to $1400

CONTACT CHERIE VIEW CHERIE'S AVAILABILITY

Taylor2/25/2023My husband and I started looking for a doula after we found out we were pregnant. We had a little difficulty because we have Tricare insurance, and Tricare was trialing covering doula services. Therefore, many doulas were not certified to work with Tricare and did not know the process. Cherie was AMAZING throughout the entire process and was honest when she didn't have the answer about insurance coverages. Even if insurance didn't help cover the cost, Cherie is worth every penny. I couldn't have imagined going into my birth with a different doula. She made the environment so calm and comfortable. She did a great job of reinforcing the importance of self-care throughout birth (food, water, bathroom breaks).I was in labor for 20ish hours, and Cherie was there for all of them.  My child was in the Asynclitic position (can be a longer, more difficult birth). Cherie had MANY different positions to try to help baby progress.  She also brought many different tools to help with pain management. It was great to have the meetings with her before the birth as well to get prepared for the birth.  She made me feel heard and was so helpful to ensure I had a positive birth experience. I look forward to working with her again for my next birth!


Amanda Estrada9/9/2022Cherie was my doula for the birth of my daughter. Prior to my labor, Cherie was available to answer my questions and to help me pursue knowledge of different pain management techniques. She also allowed me space to openly and comfortably talk through any worries/fears I had. Both my husband and I felt more confident knowing we had Cherie's help entering labor. During labor day, Cherie provided a calming presence and both physical and emotional support. She was knowledge of multiple ways to assist me and she worked very well with my midwife. Cherie was a valuable member of my birth team and she contributed to my succful VBAC at home. She also checked on me several times postpartum which was so nice! I highly recommend Cherie. If you are considering a doula, please consider meeting with her!


Deyanna Navarro3/15/2021I was her 1st client back in 2020. She was absolutely amazing, caring and organized. She helped ease my mind, I was alone and new to motherhood and middle of covid pandemic didnt make it any better. Thank you for helping me bring my little girl into this world. Something I could never forget.


Niccie2/9/2021We are so glad we had Cherie as our doula for our first birth! She was a great help during labor, providing much-needed counterpressure and allowing my husband to be free to hug and comfort me when needed. She was very punctual and organized, which was really appreciated. It was also nice having another woman that had already gone through childbirth there to support me during my birth, putting me more at ease while laboring at home. She also took a ton of photos and videos for us! Thanks again!