DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
6 TESTIMONIALS

Dawn Batson

Doulas do Love

Los Angeles, CA  Service range 20 miles

3106933812

http://www.doulasdolove.com

Birth Fee

$1500 to $3500

Postpartum Rate

$50

CONTACT DAWN VIEW DAWN'S AVAILABILITY

Claire M2/1/2023Dawn is the most amazing doula and human. We became acquainted at 4:30 AM the day my daughter was born, as she was standing in as backup for my pre-arranged doula. They say that your birth goes how your birth is supposed to go, and that certainly felt like the truth here. Dawn showed up with such a calm presence that within 20 minutes of meeting she had sent my husband to bed, leaving me, his laboring wife, with a veritable stranger in the middle of the night. She talked me through everything she was doing, gave me choices, asked for consent before touching me, all in ways my laboring brain could understand and felt comfortable with. It felt that night like she was some mix of the conductor of a symphony and a witch, predicting the future. The truth is, she understands labor. She is an expert. She was able to guide me through it, giving little heads ups and insights as to what might be coming soon, just before it happened. This made the totally foreign, and at times terrifying, experience of birthing a human a little less so for me, a first time mom. She helped spin my baby to make labor significantly easier. She anticipated my needs. When the time came she woke my husband to help support as well, helping guide him in how to be most supportive to me, and alleviating some of his fears. She knew when it was time to call the midwives. She knew when it would be most helpful to get into some warm water. She just knew. And I was able to focus on labor. That's all I had to do. And I'm so grateful. She asked if I wanted her to take photos and I asked her to, and they are some of my most treasured possessions. I have to wrap this up but if I were to have another baby, I would want Dawn there - not just as my backup doula, but from the very start. She's amazing, truly.


Jared12/29/2022I wasn't familiar with doula work during our first pregnancy -- which I regret. Dawn completely changed our postpartum experience the second time around. Every time she arrives our toddler lights up, and my wife is visibly relieved. She taught our newborn to fall asleep (and continue sleeping!) in his crib which, before she started working with him, seemed like an impossible feat. She prepares snacks and breakfasts for us -- including a stack of really great, freezable breakfast burritos and tiny muffins for our older child. She's also funny and generous with her praise, which lifts the spirits on the more exhausting days. It has been such a relief to have someone with so much experience supporting us -- we can ask her advice on anything about the newborn and toddler, and she always has an honest, empathetic answer or suggestion to help us figure out a path forward. And she has endless stories to let you know you're not alone in your anxieties or struggles. Dawn will keep you sane and help your newborn grow into a healthy baby. She's the best. 


Kate Neumark12/27/2022Dawn has been an incredible emotional and logistical gift to our family. I did not have a doula for my first pregnancy, and now I cannot fathom having another child without Dawn's support. She brings a wealth of knowledge, patience, intuition, and empathy to her work, and as a result I, my husband, and my children are all healthier.Our 20-month-old loves their walks to look at butterflies -- and I love the space and time those walks give me to bond with our newborn. She taught the newborn to fall asleep in his crib with a caring, non-cry-it-out method, and his ability to sleep on his own has given me essential time without a baby on my body. She finds so many small tasks which make our lives easier -- preparing single serving overnight oats and chia puddings for nusing snacks and breakfasts for the toddler. Folding laundry, swinging by the grocery store, cleaning out the fridge. She's had great advice for solving all the little things -- weird baby poops, setting boundaries between the two kids. She's also a committed, thoughtful listener, and as it turns out, you really need that after any kind of labor. I can't recommend Dawn enough. Her support will make you feel like the hard days are doable and the good days have enough space and time to really feel your joy. 


Melissa T1/26/2022I was pregnant with my 4th child and wanted a Hypnobabies birth for the 2nd time around. My first time around I was in transition using Hypnobabies when I asked for an epidural for a Pitocin induced birth. This time around I was really manifesting a spontaneous birth with no Pitocin and no epidural and still using Hypnobabies.I was sure this time around was going to be different. And I was right. Dawn's energy and spirit were evident from our first Facetime. She was calming and nurturing and I knew I didn't have to look any further. I feel like I happened upon finding her and I now know why. Because this was my 4th pregnancy I didn't have many of the first time mom questions so our communication was minimal and we touched base as needed. At one point I felt like I was behind in my Hypnobabies tracks and I texted her kind of stressed and she talked me down and let me know all would be ok. And it was. The morning of my guess date my water broke and I texted Dawn who guided us on what to do and checked in as needed. When we met her at the hospital she helped us set the atmosphere in the room and discuss with the nurses what I wanted. There were 2 times throughout the entire 14 hour birth that I said "I would normally ask for an epidural by now" but it wasn't the same feeling that I actually needed it like it felt at my last birth. I credit Dawn for helping coach me through the waves with encouraging words, warm packs on my back, cold washclothes on my neck and helping my wife to know what to do to help. She guided me through different positions and gave me counter pressure that was MUCH needed. It was everything I had imagined needing. I got the birth I dreamed of and I know if it weren't for her it would've been a different experience.She helped us with a few crazy errands and cooked up some delicious broth and kitchari during my postpartum days. It was such a help!I highly recommend Dawn!!!


Amber S11/5/2021Ever meet someone that is doing exactly what they're put on this Earth to do? That's Dawn. Her years of experience and her innate abilities are of the highest order.I felt completely at ease with Dawn from our very first meeting. She's smart, kind, funny, and knows so much about the birthing process and motherhood. She asked me a lot of important questions so that I could fully find my vision for birth.During labor she was a source of comfort, kindness, laughter, and strength. I can't say enough about how at ease my husband and I felt around her. She feels like an old friend who just happens to be a high priestess of the birthing process. She had so many tricks for increasing my comfort, even when I completely lost my mind towards the end when I went into intense back labor. It was her encouragement and words that locked in for me and got me through the most intense experience of my life. She was gentle but firm in her words and snapped me back into my body enough to dig deep and deliver my baby.She was with us for something like 27 hours, and I never saw her exhibit signs of exhaustion or a dip in her sunny disposition. This woman is an actual angel.She brought my placenta pills while we were still in the hospital (def recommend! I really felt a difference) and even brought a couple of things to help our baby who had jaundice. She checked in with us several times during the first days and weeks and gave us recommendations for a craniosacral therapist and a chiropractor when we asked. I felt so supported!Some doulas with only a year or two of experience have the nerve to charge the same or more than Dawn, who has more than 10 years of experience. I still can't believe her prices are so fair for the work and dedication she puts in. This is an expert level professional, cloaked in a kind-hearted beauty. She lives and breathes birth and motherhood. It doesn't get any better than Dawn!


Ariana10/10/2021Dawn is amazing. She’s generous, present (so present, always), calm, confident and nurturing. In deciding which doula to choose (after interviewing 3), I realized I wanted someone who felt like a peer, someone I could feel very comfortable being vulnerable in front of. Dawn is definitely that person. She was such a rock for my husband and me throughout my whole labor and delivery, plus afterwards. She came over and cleaned and brought us food. So so helpful! My birth didn't go as I had hoped, but Dawn helped me heal the pain and disappointment I felt because of it. She even wrote my birth story for me from her perspective, which made me see how strong and powerful I am, despite the birth not going exactly as I wanted it to. Dawn went above and beyond what I thought any doula would do for us. She stayed with my husband and me the entire (very long) labor, encouraging us and making sure all was well. She took great photos for us too!I told her to raise her prices because she's way too freakin knowledgable and generous to charge as little as she does!She also knows a lot about Spinning Babies and great ways to prepare for labor, plus how to navigate the early crazy days of parenthood. Dawn will totally speak up on your behalf to whomever is helping you deliver the baby, and will be there to answer your questions after the baby is born (I had a lot of questions!).Dawn is a wealth of resources and support. Her generosity astounds me, plus I just love hanging out with her!