DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
27 TESTIMONIALS

Diana Kay

MomEaseBirth Services

El Cajon, CA  Service range 45 miles

6195042145

https://momeasebirth.com

Birth Fee

$1200 to $1500

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $50

Availability Remarks: I accept only 2 births per month max, once booked/deposit paid, I am no longer accepting others for that month.

CONTACT DIANA VIEW DIANA'S AVAILABILITY

Andrea Ramos7/8/2023Diana is an amazing doula! She is very knowledgeable, and her calm demeanor was exactly what I needed. We appreciated all the tips and exercises she taught us before labor began as my husband was able to help me through contractions at home before we went to the hospital. The medical staff also mentioned how great and helpful Diana was. Her support, tools, encouraging words, and breathing techniques made this process so much better for me and my husband. We highly recommend Diana!


Matthew Goodsell6/25/2023My wife and I used Diana as our doula for the birth of our first baby. We interviewed several doulas and there was an immediate connection my wife had in the interview process with Diana. That gut feeling of "she is the right one for us" prove to be true for us. The laboring process was a long one for my wife (41 hours) and Diana was there at the hospital the entire time. She was well rehearsed in the spinning babies techniques (which was something we were adamant about having in a doula) and she knew several positioning maneuvers to get baby to drop down into position. As the husband in the whole journey, it was really nice to have Diana there to do shifts of care for my laboring wife, especially due to the length of the labor she endured. Diana was well prepared when she arrived at the hospital with birthing balls (the extra one was greatly appreciated since I used it as a seat to have next to my wife's hospital bed), essentials oils, massage lotions and snacks at the ready if we required them. We were pleased with Diana's services, her professionalism, skillset as a doula and the overall caring and kind personality she has as a person. We would definitely recommend her to others who are seeking out a doula to have in their birth story. Thank you so much for helping us bring our beautiful daughter into this world!


Courtney L.7/23/2022My husband and I are tremendously grateful for Diana and highly recommend her! We met her a few years ago when I was pregnant with my second child and toured the labor and delivery floor at Kaiser Permanente San Diego shortly before the new hospital opened. When I needed a back-up doula when I was pregnant with my third, I immediately thought of her. When I was pregnant with my fourth baby and needed a doula, I immediately reached out to Diana. She replied back right away to express her excitement and availability and it was easy to decide to choose her to be our doula. She was present during my pregnancy through prayer, empathy, sharing her resources, and answering my questions. My pregnancy was unexpectedly challenging. I needed to do several anatomy ultrasounds and also two MRIs due to my baby having several brain abnormalities. I ended up needing to have a scheduled cesarean, which was not my desired birth path, but was the safest one for my baby. Diana did her best to be there for us although she was not allowed to be with my husband and me at the hospital until much later after the cesarean. My baby was in the NICU immediately after birth for a couple of days, and I reached out to Diana for encouragement, prayer, and breastfeeding advice since it took some time for me to be able to breastfeed my baby. It was wonderful to connect with Diana during our postpartum visit after we had settled in at home and we continue to remain in touch. 


Eva Karasmanis5/3/2021Diana is a very skilled and kind birth doula. From our first interview with her, Diana stood out for her knowledge, calm demeanor and sense of humor.  She taught me and my husband about the stages of labor and what to expect. She showed us how to cope with the pain and how my husband can support me through contractions. It really helped my husband and I feel connected, as a tight team. This was especially critical at the time, since there was only one support person allowed in the room with me, due to COVID-19. I was hoping for a hospital unmadicated birth but complications with my pregnancy made it unlikely. Instead I was to give birth with a scheduled induction. Diana was very supportive with the change of plans and very soothing to my anxious soul. She helped me flip my negative mindset, educated me on inductions and gave me resources to help my body be as ready as possible the day of the induction. In the mean time, she was always available to talk and was checking in with me to make sure I was doing alright.  In the end, I went into labor spontaniously a few hours after I arrived to the hospital for my scheduled induction. As I was laboring with Diana on the phone, our nurse informed us a second support person was now permitted. Diana drove over at 5 am. She was very familiar with hospiral protocols and knew how to converse with nurses to assure my maximum comfort. She was focused on my well -being and offered practical pain relief with helpful repositionings  and words of encouragement and appeasment. She also took pictures and notes, which we really appreciated; as first time parents, both me and my husband were completely overwhelmed by the experience and didn't think to document it. Diana was a true gift that day. On our postpartum meeting, we went over the birth, which was healing.Diana is an integral part of the birth story of our son. I could not be more grateful she was part of our birth team! 


Lorie4/30/2021There are many life events that are stressful yet full of joy!Thankfully I was very blessed Diana Kay was my doula she definitely made me feel like a queen!Shes a down to earth soul with passion for her job. How refreshing to have such a comforting doula throughout my pregnancy!She took her time to show my husband & I exercises, help us fill out our birth packet and share her photography skills! She took lots of beatiful photos at our birth.She is a doula at heart she truly knows her gift. She did it all! Physically, emotionally & whole heartedly she connects with her clients almost like family. She is now part of my birth family because I felt cared for with genuine dedication.She is well informed about birth and pregnancy i highly recommend Diana Kay.I give her five stars! 


Taryn Crocco3/31/2018With so many doulas available in the San Diego area, we were a little overwhelmed and hoping we would choose the right one for us. Our midwife mentioned her name which is how I found her. I knew at the first meeting she was perfect for us. To say that Diana Kay was an answer to our prayers would be an understatement. We are a military family and expected our first child in November of 2017. We were looking for a doula to support us in an unmedicated birth. Although we did not have that type of birth due to numerous complications (induction from pre-eclampsia, HELLP syndrome, etc.), we are beyond grateful Diana was there to help us. Even my husband said to me, “I don’t know what I would have done without her.” We had a 36-hour labor that ended in a C Section. My husband and Diana both provided constant support to me for pain relief and encouragement. She had a back-up doula on standby incase our labor was long, which it was. She was also fantastic. Diana is incredibly nurturing, knowledgeable and professional. She is so easy to talk with and has a wealth of experience in various aspects of birth and post-partum topics. I found her postpartum visit incredibly encouraging. As a new mother not having any idea what to do with a baby and without family in the area, I felt like she treated us like she would her own family. I could not recommend her enough. I know anyone that hires her for their birth will not be disappointed. We will always be so thankful for her and will always feel like she is a part of our new little family. :)


Daniel Zemler6/13/2015We had been waffling on getting a Doula for several months before deciding that having one would be a good idea.  What we didn't realize at the time was that it was one of the best decisions we could have made!After meeting Diana and her team, we started to relax a little bit more about the birth process.  Having a Doula with us meant we wouldn't have to be constantly checking our birth class material, checking the internet for "is this normal?", and constantly calling in nurses to answer questions.  If you're having trouble deciding if you should get a Doula: you should!  If you're daunted by the prospect of interviewing Doulas to find the perfect fit: look no further than Diana and her team at "Three Doulas, One Heart".Knowing that we had Diana (or Kendra or Kathy in event of unforseen emergencies) on hand allowed us to relax before the due date.  Having her on hand the day of the delivery was pivotal in the success of the experience.  Diana was full of knowledge from the many births she has assisted.  She knows how best to keep mama as happy and comfortable as can be.  She comes prepared with supplies and tools that the delivery room isn't guranteed to have.  She is unflagging in her support: both emotional and physical.  She was even available post-partum to give tips on breast feeding, baby care, and anything else we had questions about.I could go on for days, but the bottom line is this: Get a Doula.  That Doula should be Diana Kay.  You will not regret it, and you'll probably end up becoming an advocate for Doulas (and Diana Kay)!


Jill Nichols4/30/2015This testimonial is long over due!  As I gear up for my third birth, I am reminded that I never completed this testimonial that is so deserved.  We hired Diana as our doula fairly late in my pregnancy.  In spite of this she was still able to schedule our preparations visits with ease and by the time I went into labor we felt very comfortable with, and supported by her.  Prior to the birth, she helped us put together a detailed birth plan, and gave us some helpful tips for labor management.  On the evening I went into labor, she met us at our home, provided support with labor and helped us decide when to head into the hospital.  Once at the hospital she continued to provide amazing support to both myself and my husband.  She gently reminded my husband of specific ways he could both comfort me and advocate for me. With her support I was able to experience the unmedicated labor that I had wished for.  Although, in the end, I required a c-section, I felt confident that we had tried everything we could and that it was the safest decision.  Because Diana was familiar with some of the hospital staff, she was allowed to be in the OR with us.  She stayed with my husband to calm his nerves while i was being prepped for surgery, took invaluable photos for us as our son was born, stayed with me as I was being closed so that my husband was free to have skin to skin with our son as they waited for me, accompanied us to recovery to assist in facilitating feeding, and finally to our room until we were settled in.  Overall, Diana was very professional, but mostly felt like having a very good friend or family member with us.  She was calming, supportive, knowledgeable and extremely effective.  After the birth, my husband admitted that he was initially unsure about the necessity of a doula, but he now exclaims that Diana was "worth her weight in gold".  We recommend her without hesitation.


Fairlight Lower6/24/2013Diana was wonderful from the interview to after our son was born. She hung in there with us for our entire 23 hour labor. She made sure very position necessary was used in trying to bring our son down the birth path. She was so helpful in developing a simple, yet clear birth plan and gives great advice. She is non-judmental, but can guide you through what your options are. Her Mary Poppins-like bag-of-tricks came in handy for managing discomfort. She is a wonderful, fun, kind person and we would highly recommend her to anyone.


Christine L2/19/2013My husband and I are so grateful for hiring Diana Kay as our doula! From the start, we were impressed with her professionalism and wealth of information - it was clear she has many years of experience being a great doula. Our labor was 36 hours long and Diana (and her backup) were there the entire time! Although everyone was tired, Diana kept our spirits high and continued to encourage us while helping progress the labor. We couldn't have chosen a better doula!


Laura Magnuson9/19/2012Finding Diana was such a blessing. This was our first child and we wanted the birth experience to be as positive and easy as possible. Diana helped us prepare for the birth beforehand and helped us every step of the way during the process. My birth was very long, about 36 hours. Diana stayed with us the whole time, she is extremely dedicated and puts everyone at ease the moment she walks into a room. I am so happy with our experience. Thank you!


Melissa Lubin2/4/2012Our goal for the birth of our son was unmedicated labor free from medical intervention.  My fiance and I met Diana through a birth class we were taking with my health care provider.  She told the class she was a doula and explained a little about the role of a doula during labor.  We had heard of doulas before but had limited information until we started doing research on our own.  We made the decision to hire a doula about a month before our due date and Diana was a natural choice after we got to know her through the birthing class.  My finace and I agree that hiring Diana to help us during the birth was a fantastic decision.  Diana helped me to stay focused on the task at hand and stay on top of my contractions as they became more intense.  She gave helpful reminders to my fiance about the coaching techniques we learned in the birthing class so he could be of maximum help during the process, and she made suggestions to family members about how they could best assist me in the labor process.  Finally, while she did not make any medical decisions for me, Diana continually reminded me of our birth plan and the medical decisions we had already made and why.  Diana is very knowledgeable, helpful, professional and personable.  It's clear that she loves helping women and couples have their best birth experience.  She even wrote a story about our birth experience that one day we will get to share with our son!  I would highly recommend Diana's doula services to anyone looking for their best birth experience.


ingrid swenson1/29/2012 We hired Diana for the birth of our first son in 2008.  We had such a great experience with her that we hired her again for the birth of our second son which took place almost two weeks ago.  She was a valuable resource and a great measure of comfort to have for both births, which were very different. The first was an induced hospital birth (baby was 2 weeks late) in which I labored naturally as long as possible. (In the end I got an epidural and baby was delivered with some vacuum assistance). The second birth was an all natural birth at Birth Roots birth center with midwives. I was able to labor at home with my husband and Dianna met us at the center when active labor was confirmed. I can't say enough good things about Diana. She is very knowledgable, has lots of experience and has a great sense of humor. It's obvious she loves what she does. If we decide to have another child in the future we will most definitely hire her again!!


Ashley Torresala12/28/2011In my last month of pregnancy, my husband and I decided that we wanted the extra support of a doula.  I am so glad we did.  With Diana's help, my birth experience was just what I hoped it would be.  Even though we learned and practiced several pain management techniques in our "Birthing From Within" classes, it was not easy to recall much of anything once labor started.  So it was wonderful to have Diana's guidance.  Her pain management tricks and massage really helped get me through my transition phase smoothly.  She was also a support for my husband, helping to keep him calm during the whole process.Diana's personality/demeanor was exactly what we wanted.  She is personable and chatty, while also a calming and motherly presence. She was a rock solid support for us and I would recommend her labor doula services to anyone.


Art Villanueva11/11/2011At first, I was a little hesitant to hire a private doula. After all, the birthing center had their own volunteer doulas.  But it didn't take long to get convinced that this was the right thing to do.  My wife did extensive research, and a few interviews we narrowed it down to two candidates. To be prefectly honest, because of the extensive research that my wife did, I think we would've been perfectly happy with either Diana Kay or Trisha Olow.  We settled on Diana because she had the TENS experience.  But Trisha did placenta encapsulation, so this was a very difficult decision.  Both were equally tops in our book!  Our solution... we got Diana to be our doula but hired Trisha to do placenta encapsulation.  It turns out that Diana and Trisha are good friends and they look out after each other and back each other up if something comes up unexpectedly.  In addition, because my wife's labor was so long -- 30+ hours -- Diana was able to get help from a third doula, Donna Grandi, who was also excellent.  So, I know this review is for Diana, and we are profoundly grateful that we found her, be we would be remiss in not mentioning the other two doulas that helped us. In my opinion, the cost of a great doula is nothing compared to the peace of mind and help that they provide.  Would I recommend Diana? A thousand times yes.  Would I recommend Trisha and Donna?  Equally, a resounding yes!


Heidi Dolan11/7/2011 I feel so blessed and lucky to have found Diana Kay. We gave her short notice and she went out of her way to make sure we met a few times to prepair us for what was to come. During the labor I couldn't have imagined anything better. She kept my husband and I calm, in our own home environment, and we even went for a nice walk in the sun while I had contractions. She made us feel relaxed and in control. Once we made it to the hospital she didn't allow the doctors and nurses to rush me. We took our time and I had a wonderful experiance. I recommend her to anyone. If you are unsure or on the fence GO FOR IT! Having Diana as your Doula you cannot go wrong. 


Katsuyo A.7/12/2011Ms. Diana Kay did more than I was expecting.  I would ask her to help me again for my second baby. 


Jenny & Ian2/24/2011We were so lucky to find Diana as our doula for both of our daughters. I knew I wanted a natural birth and wanted to labor at home for as long as I could before going to the hospital. From the moment we met Diana we knew she would be able to provide us with a supportive birth. For my first birth Diana was able to guide me through the labor process. She knew when I should get in the tub, when contractions were going to double up on me and most importantly when to leave for the hospital. All through my labor Diana remained calm, even when my husband left to buy a video camera and my labor progressed to 2-3 minutes a part. Diana knows exactly what you need even before you do. I loved her lavender aromatherapy and cold wash cloths not to mention her great massages too. During the pushing phase Diana was able to encourage me even after I was getting exhausted and frustrated. What I liked the most was she calmed my fears of the unknown of childbirth. Once our daughter was born Diana was there to make sure my recovery went well and our daughter was latching on properly. I truly would not have been able to achieve my natural low intervention birth without Diana's support. Our first birth experience went so well Diana was one of the first people I contacted when I found out I was pregnant again. Our second birth with Diana was just as rewarding as the first. I was even more relaxed knowing I was in good hands and all I would need to focus on was my labor and Diana would take care of the rest. I am so grateful Diana has provided us with a positive birth experience for both of our daughters. We will cherish our photo's, personalized birth stories and friendship that Diana provided us.


Gitanjali and Dinesh10/20/2010All I can say is ... Thank goodness for Diana ... she was such a big help. We can't imagine going through our labor without her. She made us feel very comfortable throughout labor and delivery. She not only made me feel comfortable, but also gave piece of mind and reassurance to my husband. She is very knowledgeable in comfort techniques to get you through labor and she is always keeping up with new techniques. Most of all, she made me (and my husband) feel confident in all my decisions during labor and delivery. Because of that I was able to stay calm and confident through my labor and delivery.As this was our first child, and we were alone for the birth, having a third person with us for labor and delivery who is so experienced was the best decision we made. I highly recommend Diana to anyone who is thinking of using a doula.  


Karie Kaufmann9/2/2010We were so glad that we hired Diana to be our doula for the birth of our daughter. She made us feel comfortable from the very first meeting. She came in prepared and really educated us on the whole process, and how she would be able to assist both my husband and I, before, during & after the birth.My water broke about 2:30am, and Diana met us at the hospital by the time I was checked in. Even though my labor & delivery went very smooth, as a first time mom, it was so comforting to have Diana explain “sometimes ‘abc’ happens, and this is normal…” or “you might experience ‘xyz’, and you’d have these options…” Her knowledge and calming persona were wonderful (not to mention the massage therapy!), and she really helped me stay at peace and be present in process, when I otherwise might’ve been nervous and tense.My husband would tell you that he thinks Diana was even more help to him than to me, because she was so great at calming his nerves and telling him how he could get involved and support me during labor. Diana was a God-send for all of us, and she really made the process special, even down to the birth story that she delivered in our post-partum visit. I would definitely recommend her!


Ajay Gupta8/15/2010Diana was a wonderful doula and we could not have made it through the delivery without her.  She always available via phone or email for questions or concerns leading up to the delivery.  We were unable to labor at home as my wife's water broke, but when our magic day came, she raced to the hospital.  The delivery was long, about 23 hours.  With Diana there, we were able to always have someone that was focused only on my wife's needs available for her.Afterwards, she created a wonderful birth story that captured the events of the day.  She was professional, helpful, and just a pleasure to be around.-Ajay


Laura Margoni8/12/2010My husband and I hired Diana to be our doula for the birth of our daughter earlier this year. This was one of the best decisions we could have made. Diana was a pleasure to work with and her knowledge, attitude and experience helped make a very difficult birth experience infinitely more bearable. I don't know what we would have done without her and wouldn't hesitate to hire her again.


Lara Audelo8/4/2010Choosing Diana to be my doula for my second son's birth was a very easy decision.  She has a very warm, generous, personality, and immediately made me feel at ease.  She spent time with me before the birth, visited with me at my house, met me for a doctor appointment to meet with my Ostetrician, and made herself fully available on the phone and through email to answer questions.Diana was so helpful and instrumental in helping me have a wonderful, satisfying, natural birth.  She offered such wonderful physical support during labor and was so encouraging emotionally throughout the process.  She had a very gentle touch, awesome massage techniques, and offered her advice when I had questions about what I should do, specifically whether to allow the doctor to rupture the membranes.  Once my baby was born, she stayed with me for about an hour post-partum, helped me get the baby latched on for the first time, and made sure I was okay when my husband left to go and get my oldest son to bring him to the hospital to meet the new baby!Before the baby was born she was my doula, after the baby she was more my friend, and will always have a special place in my heart as she helped me welcome my baby into the world, and really helped provide me with the best birth experience I could have imagined.


Antonina Sanfilippo6/29/2010Diana has a natural nurturing quality that makes you feel at ease the minute you meet her.  She has many aids and techniques to help through the delivery process, but the overall sense of comfort you feel as soon as she is in the room is her most valuable asset.  Diana is someone that will become part of your family and be in your and your childs life forever.


Anne Obermueller6/13/2010Diana is AMAZING!  With her help and support I was able to have the birth that I wanted.  But her support after our son's birth truly makes her even more amazing.  There were a few times I called her and she came right over to give me support that I will always be thankful for.  She is so caring, upbeat, and knowledgable.  I would recommend her to anyone!  LOVE DIANA!


Gina and Matt6/13/2010Diana Kay was amazing. My husband and I met her about two months before our first baby girl was due. She made us feel extremly comfortable and relaxed. She really helped us through the entire process before and during our daughters actual birth. I would describe our daughter's actual birth as very peaceful and easy and a wonderful expierence thanks to the help of Diana Kay. I would highly recommend her to anyone who is looking for a positive life expierence. She is also very knowledgable is a variety of styles and an expert in calming and relaxing people.


Christina Cusack6/13/2010As first time parents, my husband and I were equally excited and nervous about the birth of our daughter. I had learned about the use of doula's though our childbirth education class offered by our hospital and thought it was a wonderful idea. We found Diana through the Doula's of North America (D.O.N.A.) website and knew the first time we met her that she was the right woman for the job. She was so warm and beyond knowledgable--my husband and I had great faith that she would help us through our delivery and be just the advocate we needed in the delivery room. The night I went into labor I called Diana right away and she met us at the hospital. Contractions came fast and furious and she was right there keeping me (and my husband;-) calm. She was by my side, helping me focus, keeping me motivated and just being the best support system we could have asked for. I truly believe that because of her, my birth experience is one I look back on fondly. After our daughter's birth, she was there to check in on us and became a great friend--something I truly needed in those emotional and exhausting postpartum days. I would absolutely recommend Diana Kay as a doula and my husband and I both agreed that we would have paid triple what we did. It was that worth it!