DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Ellen Carlon

Altadena, CA  Service range 30 miles

626.437.7360

https://www.ellencarlon.com/

Birth Fee

$1500

CONTACT ELLEN VIEW ELLEN'S AVAILABILITY

Kieran11/15/2019Ellen helped with the birth of our second child, and I regret not having her their for our first!  She was extremely helpful with anything we may have needed and a great resource for information when hospitals aren't always so forthcoming.  She was able to gauge when she was and wasn't needed and kept a calm and bubbly presence throughout the process.  She helped keep us in the moment and gave us a timeline afterward so we could keep our memories in our sleep deprived state!  I would highly recommend her!


Lisa Kleinhofer11/6/2019It’s hard to put into words how much Ellen meant to us during the birth experience of our daughter. Her patience and ability to answer our litany of questions throughout the journey while calming all of our fears is a true gift. I was expecting a planned c-section due to a large fibroid blocking the birth canal, but at 36-weeks, I learned that it had shifted and I needed to prepare for the possibility of a vaginal birth. Ellen helped to assuage my fears by arming me with knowledge and techniques, giving me the confidence that I struggled to find on my own. This level of customized support for my partner and I during such an important time of preparation is what we believe every parent truly deserves. During active labor, I leaned on her wisdom, love, and gentle care to find the strength to deal with the pain of active labor and made choices that led to the successful birth of our baby. A few days after the birth, Ellen gave me and my partner the space and time to process our entire journey and celebrate the tremendous accomplishment of birthing our daughter. Her empathy, knowledge, dedication, and humor made her a perfect companion for our birth experience and we are eternally grateful to her for being a part of our story.


Alyce Prentice4/9/2019·         I feel so lucky to have had Ellen as a part of our birth experience.  Ellen was right there through all of our challenges, totally unfazed by my emotions and totally sure that everything would work out well – and it did!·         I expected that Ellen’s help would mostly come during my actual labor.  But I struggled at the end of my pregnancy and her emotional support was a guiding light.·         Ellen’s support helped me transition from a challenging end of my pregnancy to a smooth birth experience that I am extremely proud of and will look back on fondly forever.·         Having Ellen’s steady hand and calming presence was an absolute blessing.  It all seemed less scary and I felt stronger because of her.  She seemed to know exactly how to respond to the contractions and pressure I was feeling.·         Ellen’s presence helped me feel safe, cared for and empowered to have the birthing experience I wanted. I wholeheartedly recommend Ellen to anyone - her knowledge, positivity, support and sense of humor will lift you up! 