DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
6 TESTIMONIALS

Ginger Armstrong

Gingerly Doula Care/ Love-Lee Doula Care

Lakeside, CA  Service range 86 miles

6192037121

http://www.loveleedoulacare.com

Birth Fee

$1400 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $50

CONTACT GINGER VIEW GINGER'S AVAILABILITY

Shraddha Shrestha5/18/2023I had the pleasure of working with Ginger as my doula for the birth of my son, it’s the best decision we made for our family! From the moment we met her, Ginger put both me and my husband at ease with her calm and reassuring presence. She not only provided invaluable support to me during labor but also went above and beyond to help my husband feel involved and empowered throughout the entire process.Ginger took the time to educate my husband about what to expect during labor and helped him understand how he could best support me. She offered guidance on comfort measures and showed him different ways to provide physical and emotional support.During the delivery, Ginger was a true pillar of strength for both me and my husband and stayed with us for over 24hours. She seamlessly navigated between offering me the encouragement and reassurance I needed and providing my husband with the guidance and confidence to be an active participant in the birth of our son. Her presence allowed my husband to focus on being present and supportive, knowing that Ginger was there to guide him every step of the way. Her expertise in natural pain management techniques was a huge help, and I truly believe I wouldn't have made it through without her!But the support didn't stop there. Ginger also created a wonderful community of new moms who were all going through similar experiences. She was always available to answer questions and offer advice, and she even organized regular meetups so we could all support each other through the ups and downs of postpartum life.I am so grateful to have had Ginger as my doula and to have benefited from her amazing support. She’s always going to be part of my family and a beautiful reminder of the incredible (and challenging) journey it took to welcome my son. If you're looking for a knowledgeable, caring, and compassionate doula who will advocate for you, look no further than Ginger!


Emma K.11/15/2022Ginger was an essential part to my very challenging and chaotic pregnancy. When I injured myself early in the 3rd trimester and found out my baby was breech, she was a huge emotional support in navigating numerous extra appointments with daily texts and phone calls as much as I needed. She always had great suggestions on alternative treatments to try to help the baby turn, but always clarified her profressional boundaries in case I should talk to my doctor about a topic. She also offered to be at my ECV appointment, although we never made it since the baby decided to come 3 weeks early. Even though my birth did not go as I hoped with an unscheduled, emergency c-section, Ginger ran straight from another birth and met me before/after the procedure.  She provided lots of postpartum support as well, which very much helped me with navigating recovering from surgery. I defintely would recommend her as birth or postpartum doula. She is kind, strong, knowledgable and affirming. Plus she keeps a great network of her doula clients connected so you can find a mom community!


Nicole11/14/2022Our family has had a fantastic experience with Ginger and we highly recommend her! She has a lovely energy that really listens to each mom to help support them and their individual journey. She helped me through a long unmedicated birth journey in the hospital and I will forever be grateful. The zooms and meetups she has are really lovely ways to connect with other moms. I hope we can work with Ginger for any other children that we have!


Nikki LW11/14/2022I loved having Ginger as my doula. I was actually supposed to have one of her apprentice doulas help me with the birth. Through the whole process, Ginger, her partner Amy, and the apprentice doula were present for every meeting and zoom call. I still had access to the full service in terms of informational videos and being able to text all three doulas. On the day of, my doula was sick but Ginger was there to support me. My husband ended up not being very helpful so it was amazing to have Ginger there to support me and give advice. I also just appreciated having someone to ask questions so I could advocate for myself properly with the medical staff (who were all great, just nice to have someone else in your corner too). Also, in addition to the doula services, Ginger tries to make a whole community. There are monthly meetups and weekly phone calls. I wish I had been able to participate in that part more but as a working mom, it's been hard to fit in. It's just nice to know that the support continues after birth. 


Heather11/9/2022Ginger was my doula for my son’s birth in May of 2022. As a military family we move frequently, often in need of a new community where my husband’s career takes us. I was fortunate that this move brought us to San Diego, where I was able to meet Ginger. She was an amazing birth doula, and so much more. I felt educated and comfortable weeks before my birth, throughout each stage of my labor, and continuously as my son grows and develops. Not only did I gain Ginger as a birth doula, mentor, and friend—I gained a community of other moms and their babies. I came to San Diego knowing very few people, but have made amazing friends who are fellow moms that I now walk through life with on a daily basis. The community aspect drew me to Ginger’s care. She really loves her community of moms and their babies and I am thankful that community led me to life long friends (for me and my baby).


Nicole Watson3/21/2020Ginger truly went above and beyond on our birthing journey and deserves our highest possible recommendation! Ginger takes a highly personalized, compassionate approach to her work, which helped us feel empowered and prepared for labor and all its contingencies. She even offered to be my partner at birthing class when my husband was away for work. When our daughter decided to make her debut 10 days early, we felt calm and ready. Supported by Ginger's capable hands and heart, we had a very special birth experience!