DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
6 TESTIMONIALS

Grace Klein

Doula with Grace LLC

El Cerrito, CA  Service range 25 miles  I limit my postpartum range to the East Bay (within 25 minutes of El Cerrito). I'm able to travel farther for birth clients (including the greater East Bay, SF, Marin, and Vallejo).

510-883-3967

https://www.doulawithgrace.com/

Birth Fee

$0 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$50

CONTACT GRACE VIEW GRACE'S AVAILABILITY

Diana Strong9/8/2022I am so glad we chose Grace as our birth doula! We resonated with her because of her direct communication style and straightforward manor. I found it easy to talk to her about all of what I was feeling and thinking, about the birth, preparing for the baby, about my relationship, etc. She was calm and grounded and extremely supportive throughout my long labor, including at times by phone when the hospital did not let her in at first. I was impressed with her ability to be organized, well-informed, empathetic, physically and emotionally present through a very intense experience, and transition instantaneously to photographer the moment our baby was born. The postpartum follow up was also extremely helpful in processing the experience and getting started as new parents. I can't imagine going through all that without her by my side. Thank you again Grace!


Nik Sonfield2/7/2022 After the birth of our son, Grace gave us peace of mind and some much needed rest. As first time parents, we had lots of questions and concerns. Grace was patient and always willing to share her knowledge and advice. 


Kristine Saryan1/27/2022Grace was our night doula in the first few months of our baby's life. The best thing about Grace is how nonjudgmental she is. She supports you no matter what decision you make (formula vs. breastfeeding, etc.). There are so many decisions with a new baby, and it was wonderful to have someone who could give us advice but also support us without judgment.


Aaron Myers4/20/2021We initially contracted with Grace to provide us with 4 weeks of postpartum night & day support, but we quickly extended that to 8 weeks, then 12, and also added additional days/nights as we needed. We would have extended it further except that Grace had another client lined up to start at that point.To say that Grace was instrumental in our postpartum lives would be a tremendous understatement. Due to the difficulty of having family visit because of CoViD, and because of a more-difficult-than-expected recovery for my wife, we were badly in need of all the support we could get. Grace stepped up and provided us with the best possible support we could have imagined. Grace was outstanding with our daughter Emmy - helping her to learn to take a bottle, introducing developmentally appropriate play, and perhaps most importantly, sleep more independently. In addition to the support Grace provided directly to Emmy, the support she provided for us as parents was invaluable. Grace helped us with baby wearing in the early days, provided tremendous breastfeeding support, showed us the best way to give Emmy a bath, and gave us helpful parenting tips that we were looking for in those very first days & weeks of being new parents. Grace also provided us with warm and validating support during a physically and emotionally intense and vulnerable time. She clearly loves babies and introduced a cheer and levity that helped us approach these early days with humor, even in the haze of sleep deprivation. I genuinely don’t know what we would have done without Grace helping our family.On the practical front, Grace was adept at using and adjusting the Snoo, was preposterously flexible with scheduling, handled our skittish dog with aplomb, and recommended and collaborated with us to use the baby tracking app that we still use to this day. It’s hard for me to imagine that you could find a better postpartum doula than Grace.


Tricia Nelson9/23/2020Grace is amazing! She was so attentive and really, truly listened to me at a time in my life I needed it most. She was always so present, interested, flexible, and just overall compassionate every time I would speak with her. Best communication from any of my previous birthing experiences and I have had 5  :) Always professional and on the ball, available, and came as soon as she got the call. I highly recommend her services. She is a wonderful and natural doula ??   


Jessie Rubin2/12/2020Grace was a very welcome source of support during the difficult (but beautiful!) birth of my first son. She stayed cool, calm, and collected throughout, despite lack of sleep and other challenges. She also provided the serenity and strength that my husband and I needed to prepare for birth and communicated with us clearly and reliably throughout the weeks leading up to the big day. She also captured on film the moment my son burst into the world and I met him for the first time -- a huge bonus and a priceless video that I will always treasure!