DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
6 TESTIMONIALS

Haika Lara

Renacer con Amor

Lawndale, CA  Service range 12 miles

Birth Fee

$2000 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $60

CONTACT HAIKA VIEW HAIKA'S AVAILABILITY

Alejandra Geonetta-Trihus2/27/2023I cannot speak enough about what a healing and deeply supportive presence Haika was to me and my family during the birth and postpartum period of our second child. Haika truly was an essential pillar of support not only to me, but to my partner and to our older child. Haika was very knowledgeable about my physiological needs during labor and provided significant practical labor support and was also deeply attuned to my emotional needs. Labor was intense and I needed to concentrate significantly, Haika knew just how to guide me without breaking my concentration. I remember her presence during labor as being calm, rooted, gentle and assuring. She was also a strong fuerza when she needed to be. When I went to the hospital, she was almost not allowed to come with me despite haivng recieved prior confirmation that this was fine, but she firmly insisted and advocated for me and for her until she was able to come in. As a postpartum doula, she helped us so much practically both in supporting my older child with the hard transition, providing knowledge and support for recovery postpartum, helped us practically around the house and especially supported me emotionally in a very challenging early postpartum period. I hold so much gratefulness for the medicine her presence brought our family during this time, it made an incredible difference to all of us. Gracias amiga.


Anna Sangalang4/14/2015Haika is an amazing doula! I went into labor with my first child, in the middle of the night, while my husband was out of state. I was so greatful I hired a doula to help me through the unmedicated labor. Haika provided the support I needed and helped me through the painful contractions. Even when I was thinking of throwing in the towel to get an epidural, she kept using different techniques to help me get through the pain and never gave up on the fact that I could accomplish my goal of having an unmedicated labor. I don't think I could have done it without her. I am so grateful for all her help. She is personable and knowledgeable. I highly recommend Haika as a doula.


Bridget Masiclat3/31/2015We were late in the game when we decided to acquire a doula.  Boy, are we glad we did!  We were only able to meet with Haika once before delivery - in part due to our son being an early bird. We first met Haika in our home, she was very friendly and warm.  She was inquisitive about what we wanted our birth to look like and was very receptive in helping this come to fruition.  When D Day arrived, we were incredibly relieved to have Haika there to support us.  My labor was quick and I had woken up to my water breaking - with no contractions leading into it.  Haika arrived at our home within 10 minutes of us placing our call to her.  Given that everything moved incredibly quickly, she assured us that while this was fast, there was nothing to worry about.  Throughout the delivery, her presence was calm and reassuring.  She provided a good deal of positive reinforcement for both me and my husband.  Our son's birth could not have gone more smoothly and we are incredibly grateful to have had Haika working on our team.


Kimberly Connelly3/18/2015This pregnancy was mine and my husband's first and Haika was a great resource and personality to have with us during the end of my pregnancy and delivery. We decided late in my pregnancy to search out a doula because both of our families live in other states. I decided that having someone besides my husband present to help me through the labor and delivery would be a valuable asset. During early labor, Haika made us feel comfortable and at ease. I began to have contractions 2 days before I delivered. Nothing too strong, but I could tell something was going on. When we let Haika know what was happening she assured me that this stage could take awhile or no time at all and she would be there as soon as I needed. We waited another 24 hours before asking her to come over. When Haika arrived at our apartment, she spent the day with us simply waiting for the contractions to progress. While we waited she was casual and comfortable - like a good friend - but at the same time observant and constantly checking on how I felt. After the contractions stalled, we sent Haika home. When active labor contractions began at 1230 am Saturday morning, my husband called Haika. She met us at the hospital at 330 and was amazing in helping me get through the delivery. I forgot everything you are told to do, but Haika made sure I was tucking in my knees and kept my chin down. After my son was born, Haika stayed with us until we were both comfortable and felt things were under control.


Morgan Benson3/9/2015My husband and I are forever thankful for the tremendous labor support we received from Haika. I feel that it is in part due to her calming presence and skill that we were able to have the labor and birth we wanted. We had originally questioned whether or not we needed a doula, since we were taking Bradley Method classes and felt pretty well prepared. We are so glad we decided to hire Haika as well! I was in labor for 27 hours, and went into it tired and dehydrated from getting sick. Haika came over as soon as we needed her, and she stayed with us through the entire experience. She stayed with me so that my husband could take breaks for naps, food, etc. She provided wonderful counter-pressure massage to me-- I'm sure her hands got tired over all those hours! And, most importantly, she calmly but persistently made sure that I was breathing deeply through my contractions-- even when I felt like I couldn't anymore. She continually reminded me that all I needed to do was get through one contractions at a time, and that, even though it hurt, I could do the task before me. All through the night and the next day, she provided amazing support to both of us. I definitely feel that Haika provided my husband and I with the support we needed-- as well as the support and confidence to my husband that he could support me through this experience. We will be eternally grateful to Haika for empowering us both to have the birth experience we wanted. We would recommend and urge any expectant parents to choose Haika for their labor support doula.


Emily Baron1/15/2015My experience with Haika was beyond amazing. My husband and I agreed immidiately after our daughter's birth that we could not have stuck with our birth plan and made it through to a successful medication-free hospital birth. Haika arrived to the hospital just after I was admitted to a delivery room, despite it being in the middle of the night. All night long, she helped me with my monitors and getting up to use the restroom. She would update me every so often with what kind of activity she was seeing on the moniors and suggest what the doctors may recommend next. When my contractions became more intense, Haika walked the halls with my husband and I, rubbing my back through each contraction. When that became too intense, Haika smartly suggested that we move to the shower with a birthing ball. Despite being in a lot of pain, Haika encouraged me to try the shower first before requesting any medication. The shower felt amazing and with Haika's help, I was able to stick it out in the shower until I was fully dilated. When it came to pushing, Haika was right by our side, letting me know how I was doing and reminding me how to push correctly. And after the birth of our baby, Haika became a photographer and documentatian, capturing the first moments of her life and time with her parents. At our post-partum visit, Haika was encouraging and helpful with my breastfeeding questions. Without a doubt, hiring Haika was the most important and valuable decision we made to invest in the birth of our daughter.