DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
7 TESTIMONIALS

Jacqueline Garcia

La Madre Birth and Postpartum

Oceanside, CA  Service range 55 miles  None

7606966924

https://www.lamadreholisticpractice.com/

Birth Fee

Not specified

Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Leslie Knueven7/13/2023Jackie is the birth doula you need! She is tender, kind, knowledgeable, compassionate and a strong advocate for YOU during your birth experience. She has been a hero for our family on numerous occasions, ultimately supporting us for each of our two children entering this world and our family. I can't recommend her highly enough!


Rachel7/2/2023 Joy and Jackie are an extremely experienced, educated, professional, efficient and organized duo. After our initial interview, my spouse described them as “elite doulas.” Importantly, they are also warm, caring, responsive and nonjudgmental. We’re grateful for their support before and during our home birth with our second baby and impressed by how quickly they developed a positive rapport with our midwives. The birth comfort measures workshop they lead for clients was a wonderful opportunity for us to connect and focus on labor as a couple. Jackie and Joy also host zoom calls with a range of local experts and quarterly in-person gatherings for their clients. I would recommend a doula to every birthing person. With the right doula, you’ll leave every interaction feeling more uplifted and confident! Bonus: I also opted to add on their placenta encapsulation/art and belly binding services. I likely wouldn’t have sought these out separately but it was super convenient to book  directly with my doulas.


Maddie3/21/2023Jackie was such an amazing element of my birth experience. She communicated with my partner and I throughout all of early and active labor, building our confidence in the body and process, recommending positions to keep labor progressing. After we met at the birth center, she was immediately in tune with my body, often recognizing what I needed before I needed it. Her calming presence and encouragement were perfect, every coping mechanism, affirmation, and gesture guided me further through labor. I felt so supported. When the baby arrived, we were overwhelmed with how beautiful and intimate the whole experience had been. I’m so grateful to Jackie for telling me I could when I doubted myself, this birth wouldn’t have been the same without her.


Jeff2/24/2023Jackie is truly gifted. She was exactly the force and temperament my wife (and I) needed during the entire birth journey. Her ability to listen and interpret is spot on, and her actions and words during the actual birth were instrumental in my wife delivering our fourth child. I would highly recommend Jackie to everyone who is looking for or curious about having a Doula!!


Emily Marie Ortega5/26/2022About my pregnancy• High risk for early labor?• Nana (my mother figure and usual pregnancy & baby support) passes away during 2nd trimester. • My dad goes to hospital & is in critical condition for Covid; I have a 2 week hospital stay at 28 weeks & will remain on bedrest until delivery (10/29)?• Dad passes away in September due to Covid?• My water breaks at 34 weeks & we have a beautiful baby boy named Maddy!!?• Maddy has a 9 day NICU stay & has feeding tubes & is placed on oxygen which delays breastfeeding but speeds up the mom panic?• Maddy comes home Nov 7th & it gets real!As you can see my pregnancy was complicated, scary, & emotional. But it was also one of the most magical, calm, tender & balanced times I’ve ever experienced in my LIFE. Jackie was a KEY component in this balance and strength. This is just a GLIMPSE of what she gifted me & my family during one of the most UNCERTAIN & UNPREDICTABLE times in history.• Provided me with emotional, moral, physical & educational support. The emotional and moral support she gave me during the lose of my nana and father is priceless. She provided me a list of AMAZING books to read, and educated me on the 4th trimester . ?• The RECIPES she gave me during pregnancy, after pregnancy and for Maddy during our BLW journey were AMAZING. ?• Having a NICU baby delayed our breastfeeding journey and also challenged me to pump. She supported and encouraged me- & reminded me to TRUST my body but most importantly she actively listened to me during my struggles. Maddy eventually & still is a exclusively BFB. She also gave me product advice & helped me with the “boob flu”- treatment & prevention.?• Assisted my partner with a plan for when I was released into his care for bedrest at home. Meal preparation, chores, & how to support me during hard times.


Jennifer Barlowe4/2/2022Jackie was my unofficial doula/new mommy support system. Any question or doubt or concern I had (no matter how silly I thought it was), Jackie listened attentively to my needs and gave me the best advice to put my anxiety at ease. Even after I gave birth, I had issues with my milk production and Jackie was right there supporting me through it. I am forever grateful for her and all her knowledge. 


Camryn Del Rosario3/27/2022Let me just start off by saying I almost didn’t have a doula for my birth. Last minute, I decided to get one out of the sheer panic that sets in at the end of pregnancy… and I am SO happy that I did. Having Jackie as my birth and postpartum doula made a world of a difference for my birth! She went above and beyond my expectations. She was able to anticipate every need of mine and create a calm atmosphere for me. Everything from the loving tone of her voice, to the helpful supplies that she brings, to her gentle touch were so monumental in my smooth labor experience. Labor and birth can be a really scary thing but every time I started to feel anxious or worried, Jackie talked me through it and made me feel seen, heard and taken care of. She also allowed me to have such an easygoing and wonderful transition into motherhood. I trust this woman with my life (and my babies)! She is truly amazing and I cannot recommend her enough. -- Kind Regards,Camryn Del Rosario