DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
4 TESTIMONIALS

Jade Molina

Well-Watered Doula

Santa Maria, CA  Service range 45 miles  I will travel between Lompoc to San Luis Obispo, CA

https://www.wellwatereddoula.com

Birth Fee

$1000

CONTACT JADE VIEW JADE'S AVAILABILITY

Alyssa6/13/2023Jade is amazing! With the first consultation I just loved her energy and felt very comfortable with her! She is very attentive and was so kind to always answer our many questions as first time parents! My boyfriend loved that she took the time and had a whole slideshow full of amazing information to share with us about birth and what to expect in either a birth center or hospital setting. When it came time to give birth, Jade was such a calming energy to have around and helped me feel confident in my decisions! My birth plan was completely altered when I had to be induced and Jade was there every step of the way to remind me of my options and talk them out with me. I would've had a completely different experience without her, having her knowledge and suppory meant the world to us! One of my favorite things she does is setting up the birth area in a comforting way, she brought lights and essential oils and even birth tools to the hospital for me and set it all up! She is truly a blessing to have and an added bonus was the photos she took of some very special moments!


Kylee Naoe4/14/2023Jade exceeded our expectations when we hired a doula. My husband and I are first time parents and we had not much knowledge about what actually happens during birth and labor. Jade spent a few sessions with us explaining what to expect with mom and baby during the labor and delivery. We had a lot more peace of mind after learning with her. Plus, she offered books and websites with details and studies for specific issues that I was going through during pregnancy.Having Jade present for the birth was great for me and my husband as well. Both my husband and I were very stressed about being in a hospital setting and about the birth itself but Jade provided a wonderful calming presence. She was always recommending ways to make me more comfortable. And she was great to have as a back up support when my husband needed moments to rest during my long labor. What we appreciated the most was that she was constantly covering us in prayer. When parts of the delivery became scary for my son, she helped give me peace when she prayed for him.My husband and I greatly recommend Jade as a doula! 


Courtney Berrocal2/27/2023I was very happy and grateful for Jade to be apart of my pregnancy journey. My husband and I felt very comfortable with her. She has a very calm spirit to her, which I loved. I knew she would be a great addition to my pregnancy support team. She provided great information when needed, and was a great listener to our needs & wants for my pregancy. Whenever I had a question or asked for her opinion, she gave honest feedback based on her experience as a mommy and professionally. She also provided spiritual support, and she was able to pray for us during my time in labor. She always had information for us to look over at every appointment. When laboring started, she made sure that my environment felt intimate and secure for my husband and I. She brought little candles & essential oils. I could not have asked for a better experience with Jade! Thank you so much <3


Fernanda Cunningham12/30/2022Having a doula definitely made a difference.Jade Molina not only helped with questions and a birth plan, but she made me feel comfortable by sharing her experience and knowledge so that I felt safe during my delivery. Since we first met, Jade was great support. She shared her knowledge and answered all my questions.When I texted her at 4:40am, after my water broke and we headed to the hospital, she was there as quick as possible. During delivery Jade oversaw everything, making sure it would happen the way we discussed. I remember when the nurse was moving some of the equipment and Jade saw that the nurse wasn’t paying enough attention to the IV. Thankfully Jade intervened and told the nurse to stop before the IV was pulled out. Her prayers gave me strength during pain.My husband also found a great support with her by our side during the delivery, as we are first time parents.Jade also took pictures of the moment when I saw my daughter for the first time and John cutting the umbilical Cord. These are such a special moments that we are able to keep in pictures and we loved! Thank you so much Jade! John and I couldn’t have been better assisted!