DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
7 TESTIMONIALS

Javiera Sobarzo

Full Womb Wisdom

San Diego, CA  Service range 30 miles

2063836904

https://www.fullwombwisdom.com

Birth Fee

$1900 to $2150

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

CONTACT JAVIERA VIEW JAVIERA'S AVAILABILITY

Marianna12/26/2020With my first baby I did not get to hire a doula. I figured my husband would fill that role... he didn't. I love my husband and appreciate how he tried to help but he will never know what it's like to carry a baby inside of you or how to push the baby down and out. Fast forward to my second pregnancy and I knew I would be in search of a doula.I loved having Javiera as my doula because of her calming presence and her well rounded doula package. It included prenatal yoga, remembering/healing from previous births, reviewing birth plan, setting intentions during labor, practicing pain relief for labor, support during the birth, postpartum meal, massage, belly binding, healing herbal bath and closing hip ceremony.Javiera got to know me during my prenatal visits. She asked me questions, listened to my heart in order to learn how to best serve me in my time of need. Thank you Javiera. If you are pregnant hire a doula. Do it for your family, your baby and most importantly do it for you. Invest in your health.


Amanda B7/4/2019I highly recommend Javiera Sobarzo if you are looking for a doula.  We interviewed Javiera at the end of our second trimester and immediately appreciated how great of a listener Javiera was and the types of services she offered as a doula.  Since this was our first child, we had no idea what to expect in a doula.  Javiera came to our home throughout our third trimester to help us develop our birth plan and to teach me prenatal yoga in the backyard.  What I loved is she guided us through the birth process very slowly, listening carefully to our goals and concerns.  She never pushed us towards a specific birth plan, but rather gave us lots of information to consider and helped guide us as we made decisions about our birth plan.  When we were faced with a c-section after trying to a vaginal labor, we were at ease with our birth plan changing course because of how well Javiera prepared us for the day.  We had a healthy, beautiful baby girl and Javiera was so respectful in giving us whatever space we needed during the labor a immediately after - she was always there to support in whatever way we needed during our entire 30 plus hour labor.  The nurses also asked for her card after the birth because they were so impressed!After our birth, Javiera came to the house, made us amazing food and tea, and continued to help in providing us with information during the newborn stage and our transition as parents.  From breastfeeding to self-care during the post-partum "fourth trimester", Javiera was available by text and email to provide support.  She also had a wonderful closing ceremony that was the perfect ending to a beautiful post-partum experience.Javiera still reaches out four months later to hear about how things are going.  We have had her come by for postnatal yoga as I continue to heal.  All in all, the experience is above and beyond what I could have expected from doula services.


Maria Wellner3/2/2019Javiera is a kindred spirit to a birthing woman in this hectic world...she makes you slow down and appreciate the wonders of becoming a mother. Javiera gives many thought provoking insights and educational tools for the upcoming birth. She is very attentive throughout the entire process and her closing ceremony is truly a gift for a new mother.  I would recommend her to anyone wanting to bring their child into this world with the help of a peaceful and kind soul!


Montana Dreisbach11/1/2018Javiera is an absolutely incredible doula. I felt so lucky to have not only a friend, but an informed, stable persona in my birth team. The care that she provided for our family was above and beyond what my husband and I expected. The blessingway ceremony she provided after hearing how I felt sad and somewhat disconnected from the pregnancy bliss left me feeling so cared for and loved. Her yoga helped me feel release in my hips that had held pain for weeks and of which I couldn't figure out how to let go of. She taught me many techniques of relaxation to prepare for childbirth and ultimately provided me with an amazing balance ball that helpd calm the contractions. And trust me when I say that anything that can relieve contractions is a downright miracle. Her level of compassion and calmness was so vital in my birth experience. Even in my most humble of moments, Javi walked with me during active labor to the bathroom and tended to me while I had diarrhea and was crying about my inability to "go on." But she comforted me and held space for me to go through my vulnerable process and ultimately, I was able to be uninhibited and fully embrace the experience of birth with her steadfast by my side. What I loved about the experience most was her trust in birth and lack of fear. I felt so held and hopeful knowing Javiera had recently gone through her own birth as well and felt that she could truly relate to me as another younger mother. Later on during postpartum, she brought meals and kind words and facilitated a closing of the hips ceremony that made me feel honored as a new mother. I highly recommend Javiera to any birthing client and am so, so grateful for her presence at my birth and in my life. I honstly could not have asked for a better birth experience and feel so blessed that Javi was a part of it.


Sarah K. Greco10/29/2018Javiera “Javi” is super helpful, flexible, and kind. She helped me after my daughter was born. She was willing to support me by helping me clean my apartment, bathing my daughter and allowing me the time to take a shower. She is extremely knowledgeable and capable. She was even willing to speak Spanish in front of my daughter! In a few months, I plan on going back to work and utilizing Javi‘s services again. I highly recommend Javi as she has a great demeaner and she is a natural with mamas’ and babies. Thank you Javi!


Tania L. Sánchez Garrido8/22/2018I highly recommended Javiera as a Doula. She is wonderful. I had a memorable pregnancy, birth delivery and even postpartum thanks to her. She is assertive, well informed and very kind. She helped me managing my doubts, worries, and pains not only because she shared books, valuable information, yoga sessions, and rituals with me, but also because she made to my husband and mother part of this process which was more meaningful to us. Sometimes she translated from English to Spanish in order to my mother understood what was going on in the Hospital. In a few words, she made everything to make us feel comfortable, calm and stable all the time. Gracias por todo, hiciste que la llegada de nuestra bebé fuer algo realmente hermoso.


Ana Lilia Garrido8/9/2018JAVIERA SOBARZO es una excelente Doula, siempre atenta al proceso previo, durante y después del parto. Es una mujer armoniosa que brinda amor y cordialidad durante el parto. Ella se ha preparado y sabe qué hacer en cada etapa, conoce técnicas diversas y en especial las tradicionales que ayudan a la mujer que está partiendo.En el caso del parto de mi hija, Javiera mostró serenidad y siempre sabía qué necesitaba mi hija, puso el cuarto en penumbra, sonidos relajantes y sus manos siempre listas para ayudar.Le agradezco su amabilidad y su sabiduría para guiar en todo momento el avance y la serenidad de mi hija. Su trabajo es  muy valioso y su conocimiento, ella es madre lo que agrega a una experiencia mayor. Javiera es muy joven, y contrasta esa juventud con la gran sabiduría y experiencia.Recomiendo ampliamente a la Doula Javiera Sobarzo para asistir a personas que hablan español y también en inglés.Gracias Javiera lo mejor para ti. Luz en tu camino