DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
6 TESTIMONIALS

Jen Graham CD(DONA) PCD(DONA)

Peaceful Beginning Doula Care

San Marcos, CA  Service range 20 miles  Currently only taking North County Clients

760-402-9451

http://www.peacefulbeginning.com

Birth Fee

$1400 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $80

Availability Remarks: I am vaccinated for Flu, Tdap, COVID.

CONTACT JEN VIEW JEN'S AVAILABILITY

Katie Brauer2/15/2016We chose Jen Graham as our doula after meeting with several highly recommended candidates. It was an easy choice. Jen stood out in every aspect, professional, knowledgeable, approachable, comforting. She appealed to my need of sensitivity and understanding of the energetic side of things, and at the same time, Jen embodies a quiet strength that I know I could rest into and with out a doubt trust her to rise up, should the situation call for it and take a stand for me and my husbands desires.Throughout my pregnancy she was always available to answer questions and meet with me when need be. She was encouraging and supportive. She answered my husbands calls when he had questions and created a sense of team from the get go. A team we were. From the first meeting, all the way until the onset of my labor she was right there by the phone, checking in, offering direction, insight and wisdom. When it was go time, we were so incredibly grateful that she was our chosen one during this very special time. She stayed by our side guiding our heads and our hearts, totally in tune, and in sync.Choosing to do a natural birth was something I was committed to and very encouraged by Jen to do. There were moments that I would mentally drift, Jen would encourage me back into my body and into the experience, I am forever grateful for this. She was a rock for my husband throughout the entire experience. Looking back, I cannot believe we got so lucky to have a doula as skilled and brilliant as Jen. She truly is living her purpose and is a gift to those that choose her to be a part of their birth story. I cannot recommend her highly enough. Jen is an absolute gem.


Brie Pinkerton2/14/2016Jen Graham or as I like to call her, "the baby whisperer" has been my (a first-time mom's) dream postpartum doula/support. Having moved from out of state in my thrid trimester and without family or friends nearby, I knew I would need additional support from someone. Thankfully I was connected with Jen after my husband and I took her "Newborn 101 Class" at Cap Wellness Center.  We really dug her fun and caring personality and knew she was the perfect match for us. Even though we took all of the appropriate classes to prepare for our new little one, we were still overwhelmed when we brought him home. Having Jen come over to help me was truly a godsend. Everytime she left our home I felt empowered, enlivened and ready to calm my crying or fussy baby with new tricks. Having Jen work with you is like having your very own "Ceasar" (famous dog-whisperer) but for your baby. The coolest thing Jen taught me was how to play with my baby and make him smile..  Playing with your baby? I didn't know that was a thing, but with Jen's knowledge and help, I was able to make my 4 week old smile. So awesome. My heart is forever grateful for her knowledge, tips, tricks, patience, and care she gave me. (Jen always made sure I was drinking water, and had a meal on her watch.) Your baby grows so fast and it seems like every week, there is something new to learn, something else you can do to help develop his motor skills or soothe him as they respond to to different things at different stages. I highly recommend Jen Graham as your family's postpartum doula. She will give you and your baby so much love and care!


Suzann Hahs4/28/2015I hired Jen as my birth doula since I am a first time mom and did not have any experience with birthing techniques or babies. I chose her because of her compassion, knowledge, and down-to-earth personality – I did not hesitate to ask her about anything and everything (even what many would think of as embarrassing or too personal). During the months before I gave birth, Jen provided me with the most current information and resources so me and my husband could make educated, thoughtful decisions about the type of birth we wanted. Most importantly, I realized I had many more choices in how I wanted to give birth than I thought I had. My labor did not go exactly according to my “perfect plan” (I had to be induced at 41 weeks); however Jen helped me to deal with the situation as it happened and we walked through it having the best possible outcome, as I still had the natural, non-medicated birth I wanted. During labor, she was by my side helping me figure out comfortable positioning and talking me through contractions. She was also a wonderful support system for my husband, so he felt like he fully participated, but did not have to take on all the responsibility of my coach. Jen also met with us after the birth to check in and answer any questions we had. I would highly recommend Jen as a birth doula – if not for her experience and knowledge I am certain my birth experience would not have turned out as wonderful as it did.


Erik Freitg4/14/2015My wife and I have the highest of praise for Jen and her ability to educate us and help to make us feel comfortable throughout the course of our pregnancy.  As the expecting father, it was at times a little stressful wondering how I would deal with things in the crucial moments of delivery, while my wife was simply trying to breathe and relax.As it turned out, we felt confident with our preparation of the birth plan and delivered a beautiful baby boy.  We couldn't have done it without Jen.


Antonya Takahashi9/5/2014Jen was an angel to have around as she helped take care of our son during a period when we needed an extra pair of hands. I knew he had fallen in love with her because he would coo up a storm when she held and played with him and then stopped when she left for the day! Jen is very knowledgeable about babies (she has 4 of her own!) and guided us on any questions or concerns we had as new parents. Jen's warmth is as one reviewer described, "like [that of] a long lost family member...", which couldn't be closer to the truth. I would absolutely recommend her to anyone seeking out a doula or postpartum care. Thank you for all your help Jen!


Sara Al Ateeqi8/17/2014We instantly fell in love with Jen when we met her. She felt like a long lost family member who was there to guide is on our journey to parenthood.We hired Jen as our post partum doula and she was much more than that. After giving birth, the paediatricians at the hospital had told us that our baby has a twisted neck that wouldn't go away unless she wore a helmet when she was older! As a frantic new mom I messaged Jen while still at the hospital and she went above and beyond helping us find a Chiropratcter to help our baby. She went as far as calling each one to check who would do a home visit.It's not just in helping us cope as new parents, it's the attention to our needs and the feeling that we truly have someone there for us. Jen was always available for my never ending late night questions, and was a tremendous help with our fussy baby.I couldn't have wished for better care.