DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
3 CERTIFICATIONS
46 TESTIMONIALS

Jennifer Monaghan, CD(DONA) HCHD

Doula Jenn

Carlsbad, CA  Service range 25 miles

703-309-0503

https://www.doulajenn.net

Birth Fee

$1000 to $2500

CONTACT JENNIFER VIEW JENNIFER'S AVAILABILITY

Kami Smith7/16/2023Hiring Jenn as our doula was the best decision my husband and I made while preparing for the arrival of our first baby. Jenn provided guidance during my third trimester regarding diet and exercise/stretches and referred us to a fantastic childbirth course. My birth experience was immensely positive and empowering, even though it didn’t look exactly like the birth I had envisioned. Although I had hoped to labor at home as long as possible to assist in an unmedicated delivery, when my water broke at home before contractions intensified, I was required to head to the hospital to receive antibiotics. By 30 hours of labor and 18+ hours on Pitocin, running on 5-6 hours of sleep over two days, I began doubting my stamina and ability to proceed unmedicated and started discussing an epidural. Jenn‘s presence and encouragement was the boost I was able to continue unmedicated. When my labor stalled, Jenn helped shift the baby into a better position by guiding me through various positions. She was a rockstar in the delivery room and the L&D nurses complimented her style and extensive knowledge after the arrival of our baby. Jenn will be one of our first calls when/if we have another child!


Ally Kuvalanka11/26/2021Jenn was my doula for my first birth this past September 2021 and my partner and I were SO happy that we hired her. She prepared us with great tools to use before and during labor to help ease pain and discomfort. She quickly responded to all of our texts and calls with questions we had as we approached the big day. All of her help leading up to the day of labor was incredibly helpful, but nothing can compare with the support we felt once we were actually in the hospital. Jenn was incredibly hands on and helped comfort me during contractions and while pushing as she coached me to the finish line. When I thought I couldn't go on she really gave me the words and actions I needed to feel confident to go on. She also gave my partner the tools he needed to be a great support person in those crucial moments. I truly loved my birth experience and it would not have been the same without Jenn on our team. I would absolutely hire her again if I decide to have more children in the future!


Heather Brown6/7/2021From the moment me and my husband began interviewing Doula's we just knew the second we met Jenn that she was our gal. She is extremely knowledgable, professional and always on time. My pregnancy plan began to crumble during labor and she really helped through out it. Hire Jenn is she's available!


amanda5/12/2021DISAPPOINTED Jennifer was flippant in her responses to me and dismissive of my concerns. I asked to terminate the contract (at 22 weeks along and paid in full) agreement based on our poor connection(as she states she never said that she was to get to know me or vice versa) Jenn so kindly decided to keep my retainer fee of $750 for our "free consultation" ,a few texts back and forth and 2 brief conversations that lasted 12 mins and 15 mins. There was no birth plan set, check ins or anything. I told her I needed more support.. still nothing. I basically was paying $1,400 for her to be in the room when I deliver my first child with a virtual stranger that had no intention of getting to know me. Our last conversation, Jenn had no idea how far along I was. Is that normal for a doula? Jenn also claims that most women don't sign on with her until 30/31 weeks so you would think she would have plenty of time to recoup her money from losing me as a client at 22 weeks. She also said some pretty horrible things when I said that I am a single mother and that $750 is a lot of money to me. Jenn claims the first time I asked for more support was May 1oth, this is a LIE. I was letting her know on May 10th that i no longer want her as my doula on May 10th. I asked twice over the past month for support as a single parent(as she so kindly told me that my unborn baby shouldn't be a "BURDEN" bc i want my money back. 


Marisa & Andrey3/27/2021I had a positive, empowering, and memorable birth experience with Doula Jenn. She was an integral part of our birth process. I look back on our birth experience fondly – especially some little moments of joking or irony!Jenn was our Doula for our first daughter, who was born in 2020 during the pandemic. It wasn’t until almost 34 weeks in pregnancy that I decided to change doctors and hospitals. I was so grateful to be accepted to UCSD Jacob’s Center with the Midwives where an in-person Doula was permitted. My husband and I met with Jenn over Zoom and determined that she was the Doula for us at 35 weeks! We had planned to review my birth plan and things to do in the last month of pregnancy. Much to our surprise, I was diagnosed with pregnancy cholestasis and we were going to be a family of three much sooner than we expected. We met with Jenn on a Friday and went in to be induced on the following Monday. Not only did Jenn help us adjust, but she also helped us with so much information about the processes and the uniqueness that comes with each birth. She was supportive of me and my decisions, but also of helping my husband navigate the emotional roller coaster and staying supportive. After being at the hospital for 3 nights, we finally started to see some contractions. But it wasn’t enough. My water had to be broken, so Jenn talked us through it, but she made it clear at each step that everything was my decision. After that, my back labor accelerated quickly. Jenn was prepared with peppermint oil and a positive, coaching and reassuring attitude to help me work through the challenge. In the end, I succeeded with a natural and un-medicated birth, despite our roller coaster! Best of all, we brought our daughter into the world and she joined our family! Jenn was an important part of our birth experience and we hope that we get to share any future births with her as well!


Sophia2/24/2021My husband and I loved working with Jenn! She was respectful of our time during initial appointments and was quick to respond to our needs via email or phone. What we loved most about her is that she stayed incredibly calm and present during the birth of our son. It felt like Jenn, my husband, and I were all part of a tight-knit team that supported each other during my labor. Jenn is incredibly knowledgeable in all things labor and baby related! Because of her, we were able to experience the delivery we had hoped for!


Andrea3/16/2020I have no doubt that without Jenn I would not have been able to achieve my natural VBAC when we welcomed our baby girl in February! She was compassionate and so supportive during our birthing experience. Jenn brought a sense of comfort for myself and my husband. There were many moments when I didn't think I could do it but she kept encouraging and empowering me that our bodies are made for this and I could do it!  I am so grateful for her and for her help in meeting my goal of having a VBAC. We can’t recommend her enough!! Thank you, Jenn!! 


Kimberly2/20/2020We would recommend Jenn in a heartbeat. She was with us when we delivered our stillborn baby girl in February 2019 - she helped us through an incredibly dark time not only during the labor and delivery stage, but also afterwards as we were grieving, looking for answers and thinking about another pregnancy. Jenn was one of the first people we told when we were pregnant again and she recently helped us bring our healthy baby boy into the world in January 2020. She had amazing suggestions for laboring positions to ease pain and exhaustion and was an incredible advocate for the birth experience my husband and I wanted when it came to communicating with our medical team. Jenn's kind, expert and low-key presence helped to make my 30+ hour labor a (mostly) peaceful and comfortable time. Jenn also helped us to manage our visitors, communicating news to family members in the waiting room and allowing my husband and I precious time alone with our baby. She helped us with breastfeeding quickly after delivery which helped us get off to the right start on that front and had helpful tips when she visited us at home a few days after we were discharged. If you are looking for a doula - stop now and call Jenn!


Brooke Foley2/2/2020We loved having Jenn as our doula! As first time parents, it was so helpful to have someone to walk with us every step of the way as we prepared for the birth of our baby. She was so helpful in helping us create goals and expectations so our birth experience, learning comfort measures for labor, and helping us through the actual birth! She was so caring and encouraging the entire time. Having her with us felt like having a close friend on your team cheering you on. 


Anna Husain1/18/2020Jenn gave me courage for what I thought was going to be a scary event. Leading up to my labor, she shared advice and knowledge that no one else shared with me. She was honest and straightforward-- exactly what I needed. Her support greatly contributed to the incredible birth experience that I had. And altough not an explicit part of her contract, the moments she captured with her camera phone are literally priceless. Forever grateful. 


Maria T.11/26/2019Jenn is amazing! I am so grateful that I found her. I wanted to have my second birth as natural as possible. Home birth was not an option so I knew I needed a doula if I was going to deliver in a hospital again. My labor was about 12 hrs. Jenn came to the hospital around 1 or 2am. She stayed with my husband and I throughout the whole labor. My husband had a rough day so he took a nap and Jenn stayed w me the whole time. She had all kinds of tricks to help with  the contractions and manage the pain. She listened to me and respected my wishes. The best thing about her was that she never once doubted my ability to deliver my son without any meds. And that was all I needed, for someone to believe in me. Thank you, Jenn!


Jessica Cary10/24/2019I used Jenn's services during my first pregnancy, and it was the best decision I ever made! She was so encouraging, nurturing, and calming during my labor. She also coached me through birthing positions to successfully turn my baby for an easier delivery. Could not have asked for a better experience with Jenn.


Talia G.9/25/2019I can't say enough about my positive experience with Jenn. Beyond all of the normal support and encouragement that I have absolutely no doubt she gives every mom and dad-to-be, she literally saved me from having unnecessary medication when an incompetent (or evil) L&D nurse told me I was only 5-6cm dilated when I was actually 9 1/2 cm and my unmedicated body was telling me to push! I wasn't going to be able to endure the pain, and the struggle of trying not to push when my body wanted to without medication if I was only half way dilated - I was ready to give in and get the epidural. She quietly and professionally encouraged my husband to ask for a second opinion and thank goodness she did! A short time later and with only a few pushes our little boy was born - with no medication. On a side note, my husband and I don't do much without a ton of research and so you can imagine it was the same with a doula. Jenn's was the very first name to cross our path and if we had listened to all the reviews and advice we would have stopped there. But if we had done that, we wouldn't have fully appreciated how great of a fit for us she was. Other doulas we spoke to had many of their own opinions and pushed us in directions we weren't interested in. Some of them put doubts, and even fear into us because of the decisions we had already researched and made. Jenn couldn't have been farther from this. She really let us take the lead and tell her what we hoped our birth experience would be like. She was nothing but encouraging with every decision we made and fair and balanced when we asked her perspective or advice. Nowhere in the entire process did we ever feel like she was making decisions for us, but calmly encouraged and guided. She was also responsive and supportive well before and after baby's actual birth day. Couldn't be more grateful that we went with a doula and especially, that we found Jenn! 


Brittney Gatto8/31/2019Jen was undoubtedly a huge part of my positive birth experience. I never got the chance to create a birth plan with Jen as my daughter was born early but that didn't hinder her working with my husband and I through my labor. From the moment I texted her to say I thought my water had broken she helped me to work calmly through everything. I absolutely believe that Jen kept me from needing pitocin by working with me to bring my contractions on regularly and worked to keep me focused throughout labor so that I ultimately had the birth experience that I desired. My husband and I are very glad we chose to work with Jen and hope to do so again someday. 


Cassandra8/27/2019We are so glad we chose Jennifer for our doula! She was so helpful, thoughtful, calming, supportive and encouraging! She really helped us have a wonderful birth experience and can’t recommend her enough!! Thank you again!


Liz S.7/31/2019Jenn came recommended from a friend and was totally amazing!  My birth was complicated and Jenn stayed by our side for 24 full hours - ensuring a positive outcome. She had ideas and information that helped move things along (stuff the nurses didn't suggest!).  And when things went south, she explained what was happening and why.  If we have another baby, Jenn will be one of the first people we call to ensure her availability!     


Karole7/15/2019I was really happy with Jennifer as my doula for the birth of my second child. I was sent a very lengthy questionnaire to fill out about my previous pregnancy/childbirth experiences, my preferences, etc. I chuckled as I filled out the answer to the "describe your ideal childbirth experience" question, but amazingly my experience ended up being almost exactly what I had written down!I met with Jenn at my home to talk about my past experience, my preferences for this time, and to make a plan (as much as you can plan for something like this!). I updated her after each doctor's appointment via email, and texted her when I thought I was feeling some contractions (which turned out to be prodromal labor). Jenn always responded promptly and thoughtfully. When my labor was actually getting started, she sent me links to some movements to do to help get baby into a good position. I kept in contact with her via text and a couple phone calls while I labored at home, and sent her screenshots of my timed contractions log to keep her updated. Eventually we decided it was time to go to the hospital and she would meet us there.Things were progressing VERY quickly and luckily Jenn was able to make it to the L&D room where I was already pushing. She helped me focus on breathing (no time for the epidural I was counting on!), and helped me through the contraction where my OB wanted me not to push, just to pant. My healthy baby boy was born just minutes later!Even though she ended up not being physically with me for most of my labor, I'm so glad I had Jenn as my doula. She stuck around for a while after delivery and helped me get some food, and helped with my first postpartum pee. She came to my house the week after to check on me and baby; luckily nursing was going fine so we didn't really need much help but I felt very comforted to know that she was there if I needed her. 


Stephanie5/31/2019Jenn was absolutely amazing... my birth didn’t go anything like I planned but she was there for me to help keep me calm and explain everything in a way I could understand. She has so much experience in the field and she was constantly helping me by moving me in different positions to ease the pain, setting the room mood to be more relaxing with lights and essential oils, she talked my husband through how to help me in every situation so he didn’t feel so helpless. Despite having my husband, and both my parents in the room, I could not have done it without her. She was also able to explain things that I was going through to  them so I could focus. She even came to our house after and helped us tremendously with random things, best way to burp her, how to wrap a moby, etc. I will definitely be using her for future births.


Amy F3/9/2019I was planning to have an unmedicated birth in a hospital environment. However, I needed an advocate and a trusted, wise, and experienced labor coach to help me achieve this. I was new to my midwife/OB practice, I had never delivered in this particular hospital before, and I had never tried to have an unmedicated birth before. And, to top it off, I had significant birth trauma from my previous labor and delivery of child #2. When I met with Jenn the first time, I knew she was the right fit. She connected with me, really listened and heard my pain from my last childbirth experience, and helped me to feel supported and empowered right away. I had an amazing birth experience and Jenn was so pivotal in making that happen. She set up a great environment in the hospital, she anticipated my needs before I even knew I had them, she guided me with positions and breathing and self-care, and she showed my husband exactly how to help and be a positive part of the process. While I did not know this hospital staff or the midwife/OB staff all that well, Jenn did! She is well known and respected among midwives and nurses and hospital staff. That makes a huge difference for the birthing mama because they trust Jenn's voice and methods. Everyone wins!  I sing Jenn's praises every time I tell my birth story! I highly highly recommend Jenn as a doula, and I plan to work with her again if ever we have another baby.  


Britton Gruenther2/9/2019My husband & I decided we wanted an unconventional birth (by hospital standards), to include an unmedicated birth and the Hypnobabies and Spinning Babies programs. We began our search online looking for a doula with great reviews and the experience we wanted. Jenn was one of the doula's we reached out to and had an in-person interview with. We immediately liked her personality: she was knowledgable, informative, friendly, calm, and had the qualifications we were looking for. We decided to interview a few others, but ultimately I asked myself 'whose skill set and personality would I find most comforting during the most important time of my life?" Jenn became the clear choice.Aside from answering our questions over the course of my pregnancy, she made a house call to checkup on me and offer assistance on exercises to help keep me in shape, and gave us advice on how to best construct our birth plan to give to the hospital.When I finally went into labor, Jenn came to the hospital and began her process of easing my pain until my body was ready to push. During my 3.5 hours of pushing, Jenn had me try several positions to find the most effective one, and was there teaching the doctor and staff new birthing positions. When there was concern about the length of time it was taking, Jenn advocated for more time & new positions that ultimately lead to me having the vaginal birth I wanted.Jenn was there to take on the burden of advocating my birthing choices for both myself and my baby, so I could focus on maintaining a stress free environment. Without her, I would not have had the experience I wanted. My baby and I were the healthiest we could be because of her.At my 6-week postpartum check-up, my doctor mentioned how impressed she was with Jenn, and had received her info to recommend her to other patients. The fact that my doctor remembered Jenn after many weeks, is a true testament that she made a positive impression.


Amanda Edwards11/15/2018I can say without a doubt that I would not have been able to have the birthing experience I wanted without the help of Jenn. She was very responsive throughout the pregnancy, a wealth of knowledge when google searches were unclear. She helped prepare me for a natural, unmedicated birth with countless tips. She was also invaluable during early/active labor, helping with exercises to get baby in place and labor at home as long as possible.Most importantly, though, she provided the nurture and support that was non-existent at the hospital. This was my and my husbands first time experiencing childbirth and we assumed that the nursing staff would provide a caring and trusting environment during the labor. Really, the nurses were just there to monitor the stats, and didn't tend to my needs. It was Jenn who got me water, reassured me through contractions, held me through them when my husband was helping with something else, and translated what was going on when the nurses' communications were unclear. Her calming and encouraging presence got me through those final hours, and I really don't believe I would have been able to achieve unmedicated birth without her. Because of her, I look back happily and empowered on what I was able to accomplish, and am forever thankful for her support. If we are in this area with our next child, we will solicit her services again!


Varin Zimmermann11/5/2018Jennifer is everything I wanted in a doula and more! She is a calm and motivating force during the chaos of labor. She was my advocate during my hospital birth which was long and full of speed bumps given that my little one was induced. She respected my choice to get an epidural, and was the one to convince the anesthesiologist that it had FALLEN OUT! She also noticed that my tocometer was not recording his heart beat properly. My labor would have been MUCH longer if it weren't for her. As a medical professional myself I highly recommend her given her boundless knowledge, compassion and complete attention to detail she demonstrated during all 18 hours she was with us at the hospital. She also gave my husband direction and support as well. We cannot thank her enough.


Kristina Cunningham Bigler10/29/2018Jennifer was a delight to have support the birth of our daughter. Throughout my slow early labor she checked in regularly by phone and text, reminding me to rest so that I wouldn’t be overtired when the time came to head to the hospital. Things stayed slow for us, and since he was in the area that afternoon she stopped in to check on us and suggest techniques to help get things moving. They worked! Once things got moving, our daughter arrived quickly. Jennifer met us in triage and within two hours our daughter arrived. Thankfully Jennifer was there to help my husband and I stay calm and focused, as things were intense when we first arrived at the hospital. Baby was ready to meet us! She coached myself and husband expertly to facilitate our daughter's arrival. I also appreciated how well she collaborated with hospital staff. We are so thankful that our daughter a calm, memorable birth day.


Nicole D.10/26/2018Knowledgeable, professional, amazing, and exactly what my husband and I needed from our Doula. Jennifer was an absolute rock star during my labor at INOVA Fairfax and I can not recommend her highly enough. Her presence and help is why my labor went as well as it did. I 100% believe that without her we would have had a very different outcome (and less of the experience that I wanted) She knew what we wanted, provided helpful suggestions while also supporting our wishes, during labor she anticipated my/our needs beautifully, helped manage the process, and made sure that I got what I needed when I needed it. We were in great hands!


Amy Schroeder10/23/2018Jennifer is a knowledgeable and passionate person, with a medical background, so it's reassuring that she knows more than just what experience has taught her. She also has a calming personality, which made the height of labor very manageable. My delivery was in a hospital she frequents with clients, so in addition to knowing and having worked with the L&D nurses, she was aware of the flow of events and what exactly was needed and where to get different things. She felt like a steady extension of the family in the chaos of the delivery room.


Jessica Kelly9/27/2018As a first time mom I wasn't quite sure what to expect for the birth of my baby, but Jennifer was with me through the pregnancy and a huge support during the birth for both me and my husband. My goal was to have an unmedicated/natural labor and birth, but when my midwives suggested pitocin after my water broke and contractions weren't starting on their own, I was so nervous! Jennifer helped me through the nerves and difficult contractions-- it was a wonderful experience!


Stephanie Arnold Pang8/15/2018Having Jennifer at my daughter’s birth was one of the best decisions I made. She was professional, supportive, and creative in her suggestions of the different positions to try during birth. It was my goal to bring my daughter into this world with as limited of interventions as possible, and I was able to achieve that goal largely due to Jennifer’s assistance, helping me through my daughter’s 12-hour birth with no pain medication.One moment that I tell several my friends, is that in the middle of my labor—maybe 3-4 hours into the birth—when Jennifer asked me a very innocuous question, something like, “Do you feel like you need to moan?” During the next contraction—really out of know where, it felt like—I started vomiting (I ate before going to the hospital…whoops!) and Jennifer, as quick as anything, pulled a bag from a drawer I didn’t even know existed and put it in front of me, saving me, the floor, my husband, and the birthing ball. She was prepared for anything and SO quick on her feet.As I mentioned, our birth was 12 hours—admitted to the hospital at 1 am and my daughter was born at noon—and Jennifer stay with us the whole time. Additionally, I had complications after the birth and I needed surgery to remove the placenta. Jennifer stayed with my husband and newborn baby, helping him do skin to skin with her and ensuring he stayed awaked while I was in surgery. After surgery, she continued to stay with me to assist me with beginning of nursing. All in all, she was likely with us for 14 hours, and her assistance was invaluable. I sincerely hope she can join us for the birth of my second child.


Kristin Simons6/6/2018We are so happy we (1) decided to hire a doula, and (2) hired Jenn to be our doula. Heading into our first pregnancy, we thought Jenn would assist us through a natural delivery but little did we know that our labor and delivery would become more involved than originally planned. Jenn assisted us through much of our 36 hours of labor, including the decision to have a C-Section, and post-op recovery. Jenn was with us every step of the way - she was compassionate; attentive; worked collaboratively with my husband, the nurses and doctors; and educated us as we encountered each hurdle. Post-delivery Jenn was full of great advice to consider for new parents with tons of questions. Having Jenn by our side gave us peace of mind and made a stressful situation much more manageable. If you are considering hiring a doula, we highly recommend Jenn!


Laura Fox6/5/2018Jenn was our rock during the birth of our daughter. Even with the birthing class and all the readings we had done, we would not have had the ease of delivery that we did with our  child if it hadn’t been for Jenn. She spent the time to meet with us beforehand to understand what our hopes were, educate us on what options we had during delivery, and made sure we knew that it was ultimately about what we needed. She made sure I knew she was available for any questions, concerns, or just needing to talk in the time before I went into labor. This especially meant a lot to me as I had had a loss prior to this successful pregnancy and my anxiety and fear were palable. Jenn helped me through that.Most important, I felt that she was there for us and solely focused on what I needed and doing her best to get me there during the labor. The medical staff have their priorities - I was Jenn‘s. Her help with pain management was vital and made my husband and I feel taken care of and understood. She stayed with us until we were comfortable to start to get know our daughter and checked in on us afterwards just to see how things were going.i hope I will have the chance to work with Jenn in a few years when we hopefully have our second child. I could not recommend her more highly.


Suzanne Kang6/4/2018Jennifer was the support I needed to get through my birth. Although I had my husband there, it was nice to have her with me. When I was ready to give up, she was there to keep me going and was there to give me positive reinforcements that I could do this and this is what my body was made to do. I met her only a couple times before the birth of my baby and I wasn't sure that I would feel comfortable with her, but I was wrong. She made me feel very comfortable. She came to see me after my birth both at my home and at the Birth Center. I really appreciated everything she did for me. I couldn't recommend her enough!


Jade Hampton5/31/2018Jenn was warm and supportive from the first time we met. She listened to the details of my first pregnancy and delivery experience, which led to a scheduled c-section, and helped to plan our VBAC experience. She responded promptly when I texted her random questions, and had good advice when I needed it. When I went into labor, she kept in touch with me and guided me in managing the discomfort as my contractions intensified. Once I finally started active labor, Jenn met us at the hospital and was an absolute STAR. My OB wasn't on call, and the on-call doctor from his practice got pulled over for speeding to get to the hospital; while the nurses scrambled to get my room set up, Jenn helped me to cope with the contractions and focus on helping my baby to make her way out. Although my labor was a blur (delivery took less than 2 hours from the time we checked in to the hospital), I clearly remember being grateful for Jenn's calm, positive support. We didn't have time to set up all the aesthetics I'd requested when we met, but she was there to support me and my husband in having the unmedicated natural birth I'd always wanted. The experience was so positive, I'm almost tempted to have a third child!


tamia james4/16/2018Jennifer was an Amazing doula. She was very supportive and made sure every request was met. She went above and beyond to make sure my child birth experience was stress free. I couldn’t imagine giving birth with out her.


Emily McDermott2/10/2018I specifically selected Jenn because I wanted a doula who was familiar with Hypnobabies since I was using the home study curriculum during my pregnancy. After having an induced labor which resulted in an emergency C-section with my first baby, I was hoping for an unmedicated VBAC with my second. Jenn was great in answering all my questions and helped me finalize my birth preferences. She even gave me recommendations on what specific rooms to request at the hospital that had bathtubs, as well as the name of a wireless fetal monitor I could request since I knew that my OB practice required me to be continuously monitored. She had previously worked with both of the midwives in my practice which gave me another level of comfort.She participated in a birth rehearsal my husband and I had with a Hypnobabies instructor and was instrumental in making me feel more comfortable about what I could do at home to stay calm and focused during contractions (Hypnobabies terminiology- “birthing waves”) and to stay as long as I was comfortable at home before going to the hospital.When I contacted her to let her know we were going to the hospital, she came promptly and met us in triage. I was 5 cm dilated already upon arrival. Everything went very fast for me, which was a good thing but also was extremely intense. She was the best support I could have ever asked for, and was not only emotionally supportive in telling me not only that I COULD do it but I WAS doing it, she physically provided support such as counter pressure where I needed it, helping me change positions, and helping me with my breathing. She is the main reason that I was able to deliver my son vaginally and not have another emergency C-section due to some heart rate decelerations. My husband and I are forever grateful to her for all she’s done for us. I would recommend her to anyone, but especially those interested in an unmedicated birth.


Caroline Perez1/4/2018I found Jenn while searching for a doula with Hypnobabies experience. I had gone back and forth on the value of a doula for several weeks and finally decided that I needed a doula to help support me in achieving my vision of an unmediated birth for our first child.Jenn was from the very beginning very responsive, friendly, and professional. I really connected with her during our initial meeting to review her services and contract, and left knowing that she was the right person to have in the room with my husband and I. I truly felt that she had my best interests in mind and understood my vision. Subsequent communication took place via e-mail mostly, with an in-person visit at our house at 36 weeks to discuss my birth plan, and she always responded to me within 24 hours.Jenn was particularly instrumental in helping guide me through an unexpected change in plans that ultimately led us to an induction - her confidence was invaluable while I was struggling with an influx of emotions and uncertainty. The day of our birth, Jenn kept in close touch via text, and joined us at the hospital as soon as we requested. Upon her arrival, Jenn paid close attention to my nonverbal cues in determining how to best support us during my birthing time with essential oils, counter pressure positions, etc., and was a calm and confident presence in the room. She motivated me and reminded me that I was wholly capable of delivering our daughter naturally when I began to lose confidence in myself towards the end. I can honestly say that she was integral in helping us achieve the birth we wanted for our daughter. I also appreciated her guidance following the delivery and the postpartum visit a week later to check-in and ensure that we were settling in at home well.Jenn is a strong advocate, confident doula, and genuinely nice person. We will absolutely use her for our next birth!


M Cole12/1/2017Jennifer is amazing! I absolutely credit her with helping me navigate the end of my healthy pregnancy, a very long, induced labor and prolonged delivery— with pure back labor, and successfully done without pain relieving drugs! She was a wonderfully calming and knowledgeable presence. It was uncanny how she literally predicted what the hospital staff would next say and do. Many, many helpful suggestions and ideas that even the nurses didn’t come up with and that made all the difference in my experience. I can only hope that I will get to work with her again in the future. I 100% recommend her as a doula for anyone’s birth and am so grateful to have had her at mine.


Virginia Stergioulis Hanna11/15/2017I feel so lucky to have experienced the labor and birth of my son with Jennifer. My experience with her as my doula was absolutely perfect. She is excellent at what she does and would recommend her to anyone.


Kirsten Baker11/1/2017My husband and I are so glad we had Jenn with us during the birth of our baby. As a first time mom hoping for an unmedicated birth, I had no idea what to expect and Jenn was instrumental in encouraging me and making me feel like I could do it even when I wasn’t so sure myself. She provided necessary support and guidance during a hospital birth in which the nurses were absent more than they were present and her encouragement and support made all the difference in helping me achieve the birth that I envisioned. My husband and I thought we’d have a doula for our first birth only because we thought there probably wouldn’t be a need the second time around, but after having Jenn there, we’ll definitely give her a call for baby #2! We couldn’t recommend her enough.


Dana Brodbeck7/25/2017I had the most amazing birth experience and Jenn was a huge reason why it was so great. She was both assertive and passive enough for both my husband and me. It was our first birth and my husband was nervous about the entire thing. She really helped him know how he could help and stepped up when my husband was getting uncomforable. Jenn was amazing at answering all of my questions before the birth and stayed extra long after the birth and with her follow-up checkup to make sure that she answered any of my questions. She had great advice and is definitely an experienced mother and birth partner. I will definitely be using Jenn again if I have another child. I highly recommend her and her practice.


Emily Olson5/27/2017My husband and I decided to hire a doula for our first child. Although we had initially been working with another peer doula, that doula could not attend our birth due to reasons beyond her control and in stepped Jenn. Jenn was easy to connect with and talk with about our birth plans, etc. She proved to be very responsive leading up to the big day, answering all our questions promptly. When the big day approached, Jenn was fully available upon a moment's notice. She spent over twelve hours with us during my fairly complicated labor process, including being in touch on the phone leading up to her physically being with us at the hospital. During my laboring, it was as if she was telepathic during my contractions when I was seized by pain and couldn't speak. My husband and I can't think of anything she could have done differently to have better taken care of our laboring and delivery needs! Her postpartum visit was also so very informative and put us at ease as new parents. Knowledgeable, attentive, and stress-busting would sum up Jenn!


Kara Chaffin5/8/2017Jennifer was wonderful to work with!  We decided to hire a doula just 2 weeks before delivery, and when we met with Jennifer for the first time, I knew she would be perfect for us. She was very attentive, responsive and helped me feel calm and at ease during the delivery. She followed up a few days after baby was born, and even checked in with a home visit to assist with any nursing/baby related questions. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!


Jennifer K4/2/2017Jenn was originally our backup doula. She took the time to come with our original doula to meet us ahead of time, and asked a lot of questions to get to know us and our previous birth experiences, as well as what we wanted for this birth experience.  When it turned out that our primary doula was not going to be available for us, Jenn immediately stepped in to support us. She responded immediately to text messages and emails that I sent in the couple of weeks before my delivery, and was always positive and supportive. She came to the hospital for our induction and helped me to process my options for how to get labor started, while sticking to my birth plan as much as possible. She walked the halls with me and my husband, she got me water when she thought I needed it, observed how I was doing and made suggestions for things to help me in the stage I was in, like the birth ball and getting the tub ready for me to use. I could tell that she was very comfortable in hospital settings, as she was able to help the nurses with their procedures, such as helping to get the monitor on me quickly to reduce the time that I would be in an uncomfortable position. She was able to tell when I was progressing in labor and when to get the nurse and request for the midwife to come. When I felt I couldn't keep going, Jenn stayed confident and positive and encouraged me the rest of the way. She stayed after the delivery, took pictures for us, and made sure we were doing well before she left. She came to our home the following week to check in and see how we were doing. I am so grateful that my husband and I had her support during this labor and I feel Jenn was instrumental in helping me have the birth experience that I wanted to have. My only regret is that I did not have Jenn with me during the birth of my first child, because I know she would have made that a much better experience! I would highly recommend Jenn to any woman looking for support during labor.


Michele Zugschwerdt12/22/2016Jennifer served as the main doula for my birth because my intended doula had multiple clients go into labor on the same day. We had never met before she arrived at my bedside.She was fantastic. We clicked immediately and she just got to work, guiding me through a very bizarre, long, just the opposite of everything planned birth experience.Jennifer was very skilled at picking up non verbal cues and rolling with the punches.She provided excellent support for both me and my my husband, she helped us sort through information when it came time to make decisions and we were beyond exhausted. She stood with us when we were standing up for ourselves when we were being bullied by an on call doctor.We were very grateful to have her by our side for the majority of our son's almost 2 day arrival. I could not have asked for a better birth doula experience, given the circumstances. I would choose to use her services again in a heartbeat.


Meredith Gentine12/16/2016Jenn is great! We were expecting our first baby and wanted to have an unmedicated birth. While I was nervous about a whole host of things, she totally put my mind at ease and provided helpful tips and moral support to get us through.


Marcela Kwon11/10/2016Meeting Jennifer was a tremendous blessing! Tired of all the interventions with my previous pregnancy, I wanted to go as unmedicated as possible. I knew it would be painful so I started to get Jen's help. From the day I met Jen, she answered all questions and helped me for the big & most special day. That day came and Jen was with me from the beginning to the end, helping me manage every wave with different techniques, just as if solving a puzzle; every technique worked like magic, just like there is one key for every lock. For example, when I was going through transition,  Jen would tell me what to do and/or she would do it for me, the best thing for me was that it often involved my husband.  Even when I was being stiched  up and my husband walked away with the nurses and the baby, Jen distracted by talking to me.I don't know how I would have done without Jen. It was short but intense! Hiring Jen was worth every second! I recommend Jen to all my sisters, friends, and will contact her again for my third pregnancy and labor.


Allison Wiseman10/11/2016I can't say enough wonderful things about working with Jennifer.  She was kind, supportive, motivating, and just a wonderful presence to having throughout my labor.  She was able to assit me and work with my husband to help with pain mangement.  I ultimately ended up needing to get a c section and I would have thought that I wouldn't necessarily need a doula for that but having Jenn there made all the difference in the world!  She was so helpful when it came time to discuss the options. I would absolutely use Jenn again as she made the experience so much better.  Having an extended labor ( over 40 hours) that results in a c section can be incredibly overwhelming and she absolutely helped keep me calm, assisted with my pain, and was just a wonderful person to have in the room with us to support both myself and my husband.


Jessica Swope9/23/2016Jennifer was a godsend for my family. Originally we had not planned on using a doula, but I am so glad we did. Jennifer was kind and competent. She saved me from back labor by directing me in movements to help flip our baby. She compassionately directed my husband in comforting me during my contractions. She constantly stayed by our side to monitor our baby's stubbornly dipping heart rate (the nurses and midwives aren't always in the room). She even helped us get our son's days and nights regulated! Hiring Jennifer was worth every cent. We are incredibly grateful for her guidance and support before, during, and after labor.