DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
29 TESTIMONIALS

Joy Kobrick, CBD (CBI), LEC, CCCE, APPAC

Joyful Roots Doulas

La Mesa, CA  Service range 50 miles

619-339-8556

http://sandiegocertifieddoulas.com

Birth Fee

$1000 to $2000

CONTACT JOY VIEW JOY'S AVAILABILITY

Leslie Knueven7/13/2023Joy is a unicorn, I have no idea how she does it all. She is a wealth of knowledge, a personaility that radiates, and she is forged with experience. It was an honor to work with her. 


Sarah Peterson4/10/2023Joy supported my husband and I for the birth of our oldest in 2019, and again just recently in March. We feel so blessed to have had her by our side throughout two pregnancies, births and postpartum periods. Joy is a wealth of knowledge. I felt comfortable asking her any and all questions regarding pregnancy and birth because of the safe, non-judgmental and compassionate space she holds for her clients. Joy’s approach in supporting families is so genuine, respectful and intentional. She gives space for sacred moments between mother & baby, mother & partner, etc. while also giving you the assurance that she is there for you in whatever capacity you need. Joy’s postpartum support is also such a gift. She offers different services to support the fourth trimester. I highly recommend her placenta encapsulation package! I truly can’t say enough good things about Joy. She’s a wonderful human and her support on your birth journey will be a true gift! 


Maddie3/20/2023After a traumatic first birth, I knew I wanted to do things differently. I didn’t realize it was possible to feel this empowered and joyful following labor. Joy listened to every concern and question with such sincerity and grace. I particularly enjoyed the comfort measures workshop for building my partner’s confidence with ways to support-an experience that brought us closer and changed the perspective on what labor can look like. I also used Joy’s placenta encapsulation service and contribute much of my stability and quick recovery to that. I wish I had Joy on my birth team earlier!


Shari Castelli3/10/2023It's nearly impossible to put into words how grateful we are that Joy was there to support us through the birth of our son, Reece. I was drawn to Joy's calm, grounded energy from the very beginning. Her background and skillset was impressive but it was Joy herself that really sold me. She just has an ineffable presence about her that gave me deep comfort as I prepared to head into the wild unknown.Having Joy as a resource was really helpful during pregnancy. She asked thoughtful questions to get to know us and showed us so many practical things we could do at home to prepare for birth. During those last few weeks and days she was a sounding board not just for new symptoms but for the deeper emotions associated with being on the brink of becoming a mother. She understands the depth and is so skillful in how and when she shows support. It really helped me just surrender and know I was being cared for by someone who has walked this path so many times.Of course, regardless of any preparation you do, books you read, classes you take and more ... birth doesn't give a WHAT. My labor was intense and several "unexpected" things happened over the course of 22 hours. I can't even describe exactly what Joy did, because I was truly in labor land, but I can tell you that she made a massive difference in our experience and she is one of the reasons I was able to have a vaginal birth despite several complications. There is just something about having someone in the room who holds the kind of wisdom, experience, knowledge and presence that Joy has that really makes a difference. For me, it gave me a sense of safety, confidence and consistency when the world was swirling around (and within) me. My birth was the single most intense, incredible, painful, transformational experience of my life and Joy was the one who held the container for me, my husband and our sweet son.We are so glad to share our experience and can't recommend Joy enough!!


P Acosta5/11/2022I had the pleasure of working with both Jenn and Joy for the birth of my first baby and I would highly recommend them to any expectant moms out there! They are such a great team and both had the calm, nonjudgmental and positive energy that I was hoping to find in a doula. I was at ease as soon as I met Jenn at our initial (virtual) meet and greet and was very pleased with the knowledge she brought and explanations of all of our options as we designed my birth plan together. Being able to text her any time with concerns as I navigated new pregnancy aches and pains was also a godsend. The prenatal in-person 1:1 was super helpful too--I can honestly say I was 1000X more prepared to handle labor by just getting an hour of hands-on teaching from Jenn. Fast forward to going into labor...Jenn was there every step of the way to guide me via text but unfortunately had come down with a cold that week and couldn't come to the hospital. No worries though, because Joy seamlessly stepped in and met us at the hospital to help me through labor and delivery. She provided amazing support for me (and my husband!!) and played a critical role in helping me progress through the final stages of dilation and preparing to push. I was jittery, nervous, anxious but all of that melted away in Joy's presence and left me with excitement and well...pure joy. She took amazing photos documenting the whole experience from start to finish (something that was really important to me!) and was gentle and compassionate in helping me get the baby to latch and enjoy that special initial bonding time. Thank you Joy and Jenn for helping ensure that I had an incredibly positive first birth experience!P.S. There is so much more to the experience of working with Jenn and Joy that I haven't mentioned here (for example, the resources, emails, and events they curate), but trust that they provide fantastic value and are a truly great investment!


Amanda Chevallard8/12/2020My husband and I went into our second pregnancy knowing that we wanted to hire a doula. We began our search and were immediately impressed with Joy and Dara. We had the opportunity to meet with Dara in person before the COVID pandemic hit. She entered our home with such a sense of peace and warmth, it was so easy talking to her and sharing in our hopes and dreams for our upcoming birth. Once the lockdowns began to happen, Joy and Dara didn’t waste any time before figuring out ways to keep in touch and rally around their clients in such a confusing and uncertain time. In addition to their already robust supply of resources available through their client portal, they also created a much-needed sense of community by hosting Zoom prenatal and postpartum group discussions. It was wonderful to see other faces and to have an extended resource of knowledge and shared experiences.We had originally planned to have Joy or Dara come to our home the day of labor before heading to the hospital. We were sad that they couldn’t accompany us to the hospital, but figured that they could help us gauge the best time to leave and to help with comfort measures. However, thanks to all the amazing tips and tricks that Joy and Dara provided in relation to exercises, stretches, and baby positioning, our labor was extremely efficient and we ended up not having time for them to come to our house. Instead, they were a constant presence and aid to my husband, making suggestions and providing reminders of how to best help me cope and conquer labor with a sense of power and strength (all virtually through phone contact). Our birth experience was more than I could have ever hoped for in a labor and delivery. An absolutely beautiful and amazing birth that I can’t help but credit to the awesome support, guidance and knowledge provided by the Joyful Roots Doulas. Even in this season of unknowns, having them as virtual support provided an experience that I will treasure forever!


Hilary Holley6/13/2020We hired Joyful Roots in the early part of our pregnancy, pre-COVID, as we wanted a more personal and empathetic support system through pregnancy and birth than we felt we could get just from our medical provider. We are so grateful to both Joy and Dara, who provided this and more. Their client portal was incredibly useful with so many great resources for us to read and learn more about the journey we were on. As first-time parents, it can often feel like there is an overwhelming amount of information and resources available. While a lot changed over the course of our pregnancy due to COVID, Dara and Joy were flexible and remained an unwavering source of support and encouragement, even as services were done virtually. We are so grateful for the noon Zooms that connected us with other expecting families. Even though hospital restrictions prohibited Dara from being with us at the hospital, she did come over to our house to labor there as much as we could before we left for the hospital. She stayed in contact with us through our labor and delivery at the hospital as well as was available for breastfeeding support in the days after birth. Thank you Joy and Dara, we are so grateful to you!


Kristin Tuck6/9/2020My husband and I just had our first child, a little girl, and used Joy and Dara's virtual doula services. They were so incredibly helpful and comforting, especially given all of the uncertainty during the COVID-19 pandemic. We do not have any family nearby so it was just my husband and I navigating the pregnancy when we decided to seek additional support. After the initial virtual meet and greet, we knew immediately they were the perfect fit for us. They provided all of the necessary information and resources for us to decide what we wanted our birth plan to look like. They coached us on how to achieve that birth plan and were always available to answer our many questions. They setup additional virtual support groups which allowed us to learn from other families who were expecting their second or third child. My husband participated in all of the video chats which gave him the confidence he needed to coach me during labor and delivery. Come labor, my husband had the support of Dara who made herself available all night for us. It was our wish to labor at home as long as possible. With Dara's help, we were able to for five hours. She walked him through exercises to help make sure baby was in position. She provided words of encouragement and helped him navigate through the information the doctor's were giving him so that we could make sound decisions. My labor and birth experience was beautiful in every way. This sounds weird but there's a part of me that misses it. We now have a healthy and beautiful little girl who has us wrapped around her finger. We also did placenta encapsulation with Joy and I'm so glad I did. Postpartum has been going very smoothly for me. Joy and Dara are still offering their support while we navigate breastfeeding and it's so comforting to be able to text any questions and get a quick response, especially considering we do not have any other help. We highly recommend their services.


Tori Callahan3/11/2020I can't recommend Joy and Dara enough, and only wish I had met them sooner! They were instrumental in the lead up to the birth of my daughter (2nd child)—they not only helped me feel 100% confident in my birth preference plan with evidence-based information, but they were available and responsive as I navigated my daughter being six days late and helped me avoid a hospital induction. When my daughter did decide to come, the labor was super fast—Joy was at the hospital within 20 minutes of me calling and was able to be there for the delivery just in time. These women are incredibly smart, dedicated to their craft, and beautiful souls inside and out. I believe everyone should use a doula for their birth and choosing Joy and Dara will give you the confidence you need for this tremendously significant experience!!


Megan Bandfield3/4/2020We found Joy and Dara thru friends who recommended them. We were super hesitant, as two nurses - do we really need "birth support"? Long story short - YES.We had planned for vaginal birth, but @36w+ we found out our little one was breech. Joy came to our house and worked thru some spinning babies exercises with us, coached us on vaginal birth prep and pain control methods (since that was the goal), and talked through how to make us ready and comfortable for a belly birth - just in case. I was emotional and scared, and she reassured me and my husband that we could still have a beautiful birth. Just two weeks later, we were told our rainbow babe needed to be evicted at 38w. Both Joy and Dara were just a text or a phone call away, offering near constant emotional support and education. Joy was able to come to our belly birth, and stayed with us from the moment we asked until we were in recovery from our cesarian. She helped to initiate skin to skin, even helped my baby latch in the OR. She comforted me and made me feel safe, reminded me to "listen to my baby cry" which reminded me he was okay, she reminded me to breath, to trust my body and the process. She comforted my husband and encouraged him to be with our baby. I trusted her 100% and felt so much safer that she was there. In recovery, she taught us how to breastfeed, ensured we had a good latch, and even taught my husband to "babywear" with our wrap. The next couple of days were a blur, we texted frequently and again, still, they both offered constant support. We were discharged home, and then readmitted with postpartum pre eclampsia. Again - both Joy and Dara came to the rescue. Hands down, Joy and Dara are worth every penny. They will forever be a blessing and a wonderful memory and part of our son's birth story. We can't wait to have either of them at our next birth. Thank you both for everything you've done for our family!! 


Jessica O.2/29/2020My husband and I are so grateful to Joy and Dara for their invaluable support and care as our doulas! As first time parents, we wanted to hire a doula to guide us through this new experience and we are so happy we chose Joy and Dara. It was important to me that my husband still be very involved in my labor support and that is one of the aspects that is also important to them. They listened to what we wanted for our birth experience and helped us to achieve it as best we could (considering you can only control so much when it comes to birth). Our two prenatal meetings, one with each of them, were very helpful for preparing us for the big day. They were and continue to be a great resource for any questions we have too. Joy was there to support us the day our daughter was born and she was amazing. She helped create a very calming and comfortable environment in our hospital room and guided us through a bunch of spinning babies exercises. I truly believe everything she did  that day helped my labor progress as well as it did! I also don't think I could've gone unmedicated as planned without her. She was such a great physical, mental, and emotional support to us on that crazy day!I also had a breastfeeding consult with Dara when my daughter was 10 days old because we were struggling with breastfeeding. I was having doubts about continuing with it before I asked for her help. She got us back on track pretty much right away. She's a lifesaver!! She is so knowledgeable and so encouraging!Needless to say, we had a great experience with them. They truly care for the families they support. I wouldn't hesitate to have them as our doulas for our next baby if/when the time comes. Highly recommend!!   


Jessa12/30/2019Joy is absolutely amazing!! I had the most wonderful experience having her as my birth doula. She is vastly knowledgeable, incredibly gifted at what she does and she has the most warm and beautiful personalitity. I cannot recommend her enough!


Maria12/30/2019I had an extremely positive experience working with Joy, throughout my pregnancy and especially during labor and delivery. Joy was also helpful to my husband by guiding him on how to support me throughout pregnancy and during labor.


Alex11/14/2019Joy is unbelievably skilled, compassionate and so so supportive. I can say without hesitation that she is THE reason we were able to have a natural, unmedicated childbirth. Without her, we surely would not have had the technique, the coaching, or the confidence to experience our ideal birth. Can not recommend highly enough!


Michelle A.10/17/2019My husband and I hired Joy and her partner Dara as our Doulas several months before our daughter was born. I was nervous to bring someone new into our very special birth preparations, but hiring them was one of the best decisions we made leading up to the birth. If you are able to hire a doula, having Joy and Dara by your side no matter what comes up during pregnancy, the birth itself, or postpartum, is an invaluable resource. A few specifics where Joy saved the day: several weeks before birth, our baby girl flipped breach. Joy was present in our home showing us all the moves to try to flip our baby naturally. When we were unable to flip our baby naturally, and had to go in for a version and then an unplanned c-section, Joy came to the hospital with very little notice, and made it in time to support us for the birth! To this day I don't know how she made it to the hospital so fast! During birth, every moment counts, and responsiveness and timeliness goes a long way. After the birth she rubbed my feet and took care of encapsulating my placenta. The placenta encapsulation was handled so professionally and clearly. Before I had a baby, I always thought of doulas as people who supported you during your birth, but Joy and Dara provide so much more than that. They have the capacity and knowledge to support you before, during and after birth, depending on your needs and desires. Birth is so much more than one moment. It's a whole experience. I feel so lucky to have had their support in my birth experience, and I hope to have them by my side again in the future.


Nicole Chapparone8/12/2019Joy was a source of so much knowledge and comfort for both my husband and I throughout our pregnancy, labor/delivery, and postpartum. Not to mention her placenta encapsulation services are next level! I am forever grateful. Love this woman. 


Heather8/8/2019We used Joy’s placenta encapsulation services and couldn’t have been happier. We are first time parents and didn’t know what to expect, and Joy made the entire process so simple - we didn’t really have to do anything which is exactly what you need so you can focus on your new baby! Joy picked up my placenta from the hospital, processed it and returned the capsules to us before we were even discharged. She was so kind and easy to communicate with and we definitely plan to use her again in the future!


Stephanie7/29/2019Dara and Joy are a wonderful team and having them as our doulas is something husband and I are incredibly grateful for. Dara was the person on call during my birth, but Joy helped us tremendously over text and email prenatally whenever I had questions. I also used her placenta encapsulation services. She delivered all of the goods to our home just 48 hours after delivery! If you have any doubts, you will not be disappointed using Joyful Roots Doula services!! We hope they are around here for a while because we will have them again in a heartbeat for any future children!!


Leyla Badillo4/9/2019There’s so much to say about Joy, It’s difficult to contain into 1 paragraph. First of all, her energy is contagious. She is compassionate, encouraging…and funny! She’s genuinely fun to be around. Feeling comfortable with my Doula in every capacity was very important to me for the day of, and she exceeded every expectation I had. I absolutely recommend Joy. I can’t say enough good things about my experience with her. Joy came to my house before my birth and worked on some exercises with me and my husband to practice for the day of. When the time finally came to deliver my baby boy, Joy was by my side. She was the perfect coach in my time of need. I would absolutely have her by my side again the next time I go into labor. I couldn’t imagine the birth of my son without her. Not only will I call her again, but I plan to gift my sister with her expertise and love when she is going into labor. After labor, Joy encapsulated my placenta for me. My placenta pills helped with my energy levels and postpartum depression (or lack of..!). She was able to answer all of my questions and help me make the decisions that worked best for me. I loved that. Joy comes so recommended by both my husband and I. She’ll make you fall in love with her and your entire experience.


Lesley Spade3/23/2019I was initially hesitant about hiring a doula for my birth, but I am so happy that I did. Joy and Dara are so great at what they do and I felt comforted from the minute I met them. They both have a wealth of knowledge and a calm, compassionate way about them that put my anxious mind at ease. In the weeks leading up to the birth of my son, Dara and Joy were always happy to answer any questions, or just ease my mind about things. Joy was on call when I went into labor and she was amazing. I can’t thank her enough for the incredible support that she provided to my husband and I during my labor and after. My labor and birth experience would have been scary and overwhelming without the strength and encouragement of these wonderful women. Thank you so much Joy and Dara!


Julia Adams2/19/2019We could not be more pleased with the placenta encapsulation education and service that we received from Joy! From providing explanations and answering questions pre-delivery to pick-up of the cooler at the hospital all the way to delivery of the package to our home, Joy’s service was swift and her personality always so sweet. Her accompanying eBook was an excellent tool that I was able to refer to time and again while navigating the dosage post-partum and understanding how the accompanying sitz bath and arnica massage oil (heaven!) all worked together to bring my body to a healed and balanced state after the delivery of my child. I would highly recommend this service from Joy!


Jennifer Gerstenzang12/30/2018When we met Joy we instantly could sense her calmness and confidence. We knew having her in our presence during childbirth would bring peace and serenity to a potentially chaotic situation. We decided on the spot she was the doula for us.When my labor finally started, Joy was immediately responsive and there for us when my husband reached out to her. She provided amazing support over the phone before she came to our home.Once it was time to go to the hospital Joy was right there with us. She helped me get into the car in a position that was comfortable- I was dreading the car ride to the hospital and having to experience contractions tethered in a seatbelt. Once at the hospital she walked me in so my husband could park the car.Once in the delivery room it was soon time to push. Joy supported my husband as he supported me. She offered great suggestions on how to push, where to push, different positions to push in. She kept encouraging me and helped give me the confidence to trust my body and that I could do what needed to be done to deliver this baby. She had suggestions that provided me with additional comfort. While there were other nurses in the room and eventually the doctor for the delivery, my husband and Joy were the two people I communicated with and I knew they were answering all the hospital’s questions in line with my wishes.Having Joy meant that we had a three-person team in the room who were all committed to a single plan and my husband and I were able to bring our son into the world in a way that was completely in line with our birth plan. We were able to have a natural unmedicated birth which lead to a very quick recovery and we felt so proud of ourselves and in control from the very beginning of being parents! She is an unforgettable part of our birth story and we cannot recommend her enough!


Johanna Neumann12/13/2018I had an excellent experience working with Joy as one of my birthing doulas. Although Joy didn’t join me in the hospital since I didn’t require a doula during the evening/night hours, she was easily accessible and we kept her updated on my labor progress. Joy promptly responded to our middle of the night text messages and was available to join us at the hospital at any time.Prior to labor, Joy met my husband and I at our home to go over comfort measures and labor techniques, which was very useful. I would highly recommend Joy and her partner, Dara, as your doulas. They are an amazing team and helped to make a challenging life transition a little bit easier.


Gaby Castañeda11/8/2018My partner and I had the fortune of working with Joy and her doula partner, Dara during our first pregnancy. I felt so much warmth and support when meeting Joy for the first time and this continued throughout my pregnancy and after the birth of my son. Joy is very knowledgeable about so many things including pregnancy discomforts and labor pain coping mechanisms (she even has a TENS machine to use). Anytime we had concerns or questions, she was super quick to respond with helpful advice.Although Joy didn't join us for the birth of our baby, she kindly visited us at the hospital the next day, having stepped away from her daughter who was also at the hospital that day. Her visit confirmed what I felt since meeting her - we are so lucky to have her on our team during this experience and grateful for her doula services that provided the foundation for a beautiful birth.


Lauren Lentz11/1/2018Joy is an amazing Doula! She has this way about her that makes you feel comforted from the moment you meet her. She had many different suggestions and tips in regards to any question I asked (and I asked many ??), and always had a positive story to share when I was anxious about my upcoming birthing time. If she didn’t have an answer to something, she would find one.When the actual day to give birth arrived, she went above and beyond. Joy seemed to know just what I needed when the going got tough. She pulled out every comfort measure (from essential oils to pressure points) and made sure I was staying fed and hydrated throughout her time with me. She listened with a non-judgmental ear, that made you feel confident and comfortable with any decision you made for the safety and well-being of you and your baby. I can say with 100% confidence, that I would have been lost without her support during my birth.The days following my labor, she stopped by to make sure my son and I were doing well. Her genuine, down-to-earth personality makes you feel like you’ve gained a new friend and not just hired an expert to help you during one moment in your life.My hope is that Joy will be a part of my next birthing experience, if I should be so lucky to have another. I have reffered her to many friends and will continue to do so. Joy is just the person you want to have with you during such a special time in your life.


Merritt Jones9/18/2018Joy has been absolutely amazing throughout my wife’s pregnancy. We hired her (and her awesome co-doula/business partner, Dara) to be our doula for the birth of our first child, due this November. She has lead us through our childbirth education classes and has truly gone above and beyond our expectations. Joy’s warm, grounded demeanor combined with her many years of wisdom and experience make her an exceptional doula and educator.Working with Joy has allowed us to feel more prepared throughout the pregnancy, and has also given us some fantastic tools to help prepare for labor and delivery. From positional exercise to birth plans and everything in between, she has helped to make this experience a truly joyful one (yes, she really does live up to the name!).I am a reproductive health specialist myself and have referred many of my patients to Joy and Dara with nothing but positive feedback. It’s been such a treat to finally be able to experience it first hand - we couldn’t have chosen better doulas if we tried! My wife and I are truly grateful.


Laura Drangmeister9/12/2018Vast in her knowledge, intuitive in her wisdom, healing with her touch, fiercely protective of a mother’s birth space, pure love and compassion in her heart, Joy embodies all of these and more. I will be forever grateful for her support on our birthing journey.My birth experience was healing, full of love, and I have so much gratitude to Joy for guiding me along the way.


Dawn Cowan1/16/2018Joy is an amazing person, so warm and grounded and easy to talk to. I first found her on Yelp, and after seeing reviews from other holistic practitioners, I went to her website where I saw she has a ton of useful resources.After being in touch with her, I was sold. We hired her for a couple of private birth prep sessions, and found her to be a great listener with a depth of evidence based knowledge. She had a thoughtful response for all of my worries and put me right at ease.I also hired her to encapsulate my placenta and I was amazed at the quick turn around, not to mention how much the pills helped me feel balanced and more energetic.I can't say enough about this lovely woman !!


Heather Charmatz1/11/2018Joy and I were co-doulas for many years. Joy is incredibly reliable, responsive, and dedicated. All of our clients have absolutely love her.  She goes above and beyond and is so caring, kind and generous. A true gift and inspiration in the birth community!