DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
11 TESTIMONIALS

Joytonia Jackson

Dutchess of Doula, LLC

Hanford, CA  Service range 50 miles  No mountain,

7605904174

https://dutchessofdoula.org

Birth Fee

$950 to $2200

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $70

Black Doula

Availability Remarks: We have a team of 8 Doulas we do have slding scale for moms .

CONTACT JOYTONIA VIEW JOYTONIA'S AVAILABILITY

Bethany Kovach12/18/2018Joytonia is an amazing person to have by your side. I took her on at 22 weeks pregnant and never looked back. She is originalprof and caring, like having your very own mother by your side during pregnancy and beyond. Her child birth classes are so much more in-depth than the hospitals offer. Not only are you connected with her, you become connected with a community of both pregnant women going through the same thing as you as well as other nurses and doulas in the community that we all become one little family. She is so so known at the hospitals around the area that all doctors get very excited when they see you have her by your side. Not only does she focus on you and your pregnancy journey but the father or partner as well get involved. She provides them with tools as well. With Joytonia, she is so much more than a Doula, she is a life coach and friend who, even after delivery, will be sometime you can go to over and over, time and time again. She is simply amazing and I HIGHLY recommend her to be anyone's Doula!


Alicia Varona8/19/2018Joytonia takes great pride in her work and truly loves what she does. She is there every step of the way and makes you feel like everything will be okay. She was a great support person and knowledgable in what she does and how she carries her self. I would do it all over again even though I ended up in a csection. The preparation allowed me to feel at peace with the decisions that had to be made to make sure both me and baby were healthy. I would reccomend her to anyone.


Michelle Vargas8/18/2018Having a doula in general was really new to me in my pregnancy...One because I'd never heard of a doula before let alone having one,Two because this was my first pregnancy,and Three because usually I'm not open to trying different things because it scares me...Having Tonia as my doula made it so much of a better experience for me.I honestly didn't even want to meet her when she came to see me for the first time but I'm so glad I did because not only was she an amazing doula she's a wonderful friend while she's doing her job.She really cares about all her clients and that was really amazing in my opinion because most people aren't like her...She made my end to my pregnancy very fun,relaxing,and funny because like I said she's an amazing friend.Shes a wonderful doula.


Denise Cathey8/18/2018I would like to thank the Duchess of Doula and especially Mrs. Joytonia Jackson. I didn't know anything about doulas when my daughter first mentioned her plan to have one. But as I taught my beautiful, smart young lady to do, I did my research. After I viewed and re viewed the Duchess of Doula's page and talked with my daughter, I felt so much better with her decision. I live on the east coast and my daughter is on the west coast, I wasn't sure I would make it to the birth of my grandson. I truly believe God puts people in your life for a reason and Mrs. Joytonia Jackson was there to be the support and guidance my daughter needed whether or not I was there. The Duchess of Doula helped my daughter have the childbirth experience she wanted in the safest way possible. My prayer is that the Duchess of Doula and doulas in general continue to grow and keep up the great work. THANK YOU DUCHESS OF DOULA FROM ALL OF MY HEART.


Rhonea Lewis8/17/2018Okay so honestly I don’t know where to begin?? IG I can start at the time I met Mrs. Joytonia Jackson I met her at a BIH (BLACK INFANT HEALTH) meeting when I was 35weeks(OH HOW I WISH I FOUND HER SOONER??) I was actually sitting in the class having Braxton Hicks & she started breathing techniques with me?? From then I started as her client??????. She would text me and say “make sure you’re drinking water.”  I went to her child birthing class & boy was the information helpful. My favorite subject was “Advocate for your baby????” From the labor positions, to the visual of what 10cm looks like,to massages, breathing techniques, information as far as my body, my comfort & what I want to happen. I can really go on & on. So let’s fast forward to delivery day(????????????????) yeah all those emotions in one day. I honestly would have given in the towel & told the people to give me every drug you can give me at this very moment if it wasn’t for her. I had a c-section in 2011 with my first son due to preeclampsia reasons that kept me from dilating & baby boy going into distress - well I did not want to go through that again so I talked to my ob ????? to see if she would agree on me having a VBAC after a few times of me asking she gave in and told me yes but I was under strict rules?? So I talked to Ms. Tonia told her what my doctor said so we wrote out my birth plan. I had to labor at home as long as I could before going to the hospital to really avoid the c-section. Mrs. Tonia words “Let gravity be your best friend” I probably would have accidentally had the baby at home if I didn’t listen to her when she FaceTimed (she was with another client) me & said “Your face is changing go to the hospital “ Arriving @ 7cm 2hours later we welcomed my baby boy Jerome Henderson III August 1, 2018 @4:19pm. Honestly couldn’t have done it without Ms.Tonia.


Kimberly Jensen8/16/2018I really enjoyed having Joytonia to work with my daughter & first grandson. She really was there to answer any questions we had. She came by the house to do postpardom checks on Michelle & continues to be available for all her families. She is amazing. I would totally recommend her & her business to anyone that would be in need of a doula.Sincerely,Kimberly Jensen Bettencourt(559)426-0709


Keke Irby7/20/2018When my delivery day came, I felt very prepared and motivated thanks to Joytonia. She is such an amazing doula and person. Her services are like no other. She was truly there for me from the moment we met and continues to be there for me even though I have gave birth. From the beginning she sat down with me and told me everything she offered as a doula and stood by every word. Everything Joytonia taught me during my pregnancy leading up to labor really helped to prepare me for my delivery day mentally and physically. Every session with her from exercising, breathing techniques, relaxation methods, and the practicing laboring  and birthing positions helped empower me and made me feel even more in control of my body. My only regret is not finding her sooner. I truly recommend Joytonia to every expecting mother.


Kayley Whitehurst6/29/2018Joytonia was heaven sent! I had actually never really looked into Doulas until my sister suggested me to get one. Being dual military and my husband away on deployment for 8 months, a doula was definitely a great idea. When I first met Joytonia she let me know off the back what she had to offer and asked what I expected from her. Everything she said she offered, she did. Throughout my entire pregnancy, labor and delivery she was right there by my side ensuring I was using all the tools she taught me to be prepared and ready for the big day! And I was. She is very approachable and understanding, on call 24/7. Whenever you need her, she drops everything to get to you. She is reliable and she definitely has her priorities together. I HIGHLY recommend Joytonia to ANYONE. She loves what she does. She really has a true passion for her work and that is something I absolutely love about her. The doula community definitely needs more ”Joytonia’s“ out there!


Brandi Jones-Shaw6/12/2018Joytonia was an awesome support during my pregnancy but most of all her patience, kindness, encouragement and  support during the birth of my third child was invaluable! I thought because I had 2 kids already I was an old pro when it came to delivery.  Wrong, lol I got so nervous when those contractions kicked in I forgot how to breath and was so scared. She helped me to get through it successfully and my healthy babygirl was born in 2 pushes! After the delivery she continued to check in on us and even brought us dinner. I'm so grateful for Joytonia's experience and expertise. Anyone would be lucky to have her as their Doula.


Debbie Brammer Sanders6/5/2018Joytonia is amazing to work with. I wish I would've known her when I had my daughter almost 4 years ago, but was thankful that she was there at the birth of my youngest, June 10, 2016.She goes above and beyond any other doula that I know. She's very easy to talk to and will work with you.  She made sure that the birth of my son was exactly what I wanted it to go - natural.Another thing that really made her stand out was that she brought my family of 7 dinner for 4 nights. She made amazing food that my children still talk about to this day!We are thinking of possibly having another child, and I told my husband that we had to do it while we were still here with Joytonia, because she needed to be there.Even my husband had commented about how well she helped me with the birth of our son, and how she was called to help mothers in this capacity.I personally feel that Joytonia was blessed with a gift to make mothers to be comfortable in a time where we can really go through so many feelings at once. She is so professional, and truly a very special lady!


Heather Schreiner6/4/2018Tonia was an amazing doula. She was flexible and reliable when making appointments and spent a lot of time getting to know me and what kind of birth experience I wanted. She then spent a lot of time helping me prep for the birth and as it got closer we walked ALOT because I wanted to get things moving. She came over as soon as we told her I was in labor and stayed with me until the baby latched. It actually all happened really fast and I was glad she was there to encourage us to head to the hospital when we did because things were moving faster than I realized. Afterwards she checked in on us repeatedly and brought over 3 delicious meals. She still checks in, 7 months after the birth, and I’m happy to call her a friend of our family.i was a little hesitant to have a doula because my husband is very hands on and wanted to be involved during the birth. We did not have one during the birth of our first child and looking back I wish we had. It allowed my husband to be my support but he didn’t have to be my coach or the expert. He said he loved having Tonia and would absolutely recommend her to anyone.I was also hesitant because birth is such a private thing but from the time I met Tonia i never felt uncomfortable. At the birth she made me feel even more comfortable since i Had never met the doctor or nurses; it was nice to have someone their coaching me that knew me and what kind of experience we were hoping for.I was very lucky to have an extremely smooth birth experience but I do think Some of that is due to having Tonia as our doula and really prepping for the birth. If  had another baby I would definitely want her there again!