DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Kaibrina Sky Buck

Sky Daughter Doula

Encinitas, CA  Service range 40 miles

5103887373

Birth Fee

$1000 to $1600

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $45

Availability Remarks: I am very happy to provide postpartum care but I prefer not to do overnight baby care unless a client has a short term need in the two weeks after giving birth.

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Lindsey Zachary7/23/2023Best experience ever!!!! First off, when I initially went into labor I stayed in touch with Kai, but after my husband got home and worked his 6th day in a row and was too tired and grumpy to hang out with me at home, in the first few hours of labor, Kai drove out in the middle of the night, to lay with me and rub my back and help count my contractions, while my husband slept. He even said she was worth every penny after that!! But when we finally got to the hospital Kai set up my room, and every nurse that walked in made comments about how it felt like a spa in my room! She had essential oils going and my favorite music! I was in labor for 40 hours, and she reminded me to eat and to dance and do all the things to keep my labor going. And when the time came for me to finally get an epidural (my choice) she was there to encourage me and let me know that it was my decision but also remind me of my birth plan! It's been almost 4 months since I gave birth and I wouldn't change anything!!! Kai was an amazing addition to the whole experience!!! I wish every women could experience birth the way I did!!!! Thank you Kai!! I will never forget what you did for us! You will always have a special place in our little family! We love you!!!!


Lauren P6/24/2023I chose Kaibrina to be my postpartum doula out of a sea of profiles on the internet and it ended up being something that I definitely needed above a lot of things. I personally had a complicated pregnancy situation that lead to me knowing I was likely going to have a c-section and it was dealt with exactly how I needed it to be by a very caring and loving soul. In the end, there was a chance I was going to have an unmedicated vaginal birth but then it was again off the table and Kai went along with all the back and forth with flexibility and understanding. It was something that ended up being so funny as I almost needed more prenatal support than I did postpartum once my daughter came. It seemed I had it under control and had maybe either underestimated myself or surely just got lucky bc I wasn't actually in need of that postpartum doula that I had imagined needing in my head. I was lucky, and Kai was simply a great new friend and ally to talk to about the new motherhood journey like I had known her my whole life. She also gave amazing massages. Something my OB had suggested to look for in a doula! It was hard to find that combo so if that's a category you wish to be filled consider that a box checked as well! Any type of birth, Kaibrina knows how to support you. I'm grateful for the support she provided my family.


Allie Frank2/21/2022Kaibrina was with me for the birth of my 2nd and 3rd children. The birth of my first child, in the hospital, was hard and long and I didn't want to go into a hospital again, so I hired a midwife and decided to do it at home. I also asked Kaibrina, who had been a friend of mine for years, if she would be at the births as a doula. She said yes and she was amazing! She was practically, emotionally, and physically supportive, so incredibly present, loving, non-judgmental, funny, nurturing, and strong. At times she helped me figure out what I wanted to eat or drink (and would then retrieve it for me AND feed me or put the straw in my mouth), at times she massaged me exactly how I needed, while at other times she stood in the shower with me while my water broke, or when blood or other bodily fluids got all over her, always without a reaction from her, only love and support. Anything and everything that was happening was met with love and kindness... nothing grossed her out! I am *very* done having babies, but sometimes I wish I could have another, just to experience the total love and support she gave. I encouraged her to become a doula, as she is the perfect person for the job. I recommend her wholeheartedly and hope you have as good an experience as I did if you choose to use her.


Reena1/28/2022If you’re looking for a nurturing, positive, energetically radiant doula who is very knowledgeable about plant medicine, massage, and alternative healing modalities, then I highly recommend Kaibrina Sky. She is a wealth of knowledge and creates her own organic balms and salves that she shared with me for my pregnancy ailments. Kaibrina is patient, dependable and so generous in spirit and time. She was always there to help me with questions and to listen to my worries. But she would also help me celebrate the beauty of the moment. I feel so lucky to have had Kaibrina by my side to share my pregnancy and postpartum journey with.


Nina Leshan1/24/2022As a midwife, I have witnessed the loving support that Kaibrina Buck brings to women and their families during and after childbirth. As a midwife and a mother, I recognize that Kaibrina has the rare gift of tremndous love and focus that women need in labor. It is no wonder that several women have invited Kaibrina to be beside them during their births. She is generous and supportive, and this shines through in her care for birthing people. Kaibrina brings self confidence to women in labor. She helps them to trust their bodies, and supports people in voicing their needs. She is also competent and intelligent. Kaibrina brought the entire support team together to care for a woman with a very long labor. She fed everyone delicious and beautiful food so that we could keep up our strength, and she organized care for the family in the postpartum period. If I were to choose a doula to be with me in labor, Kaibrina would be that person.