DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
6 TESTIMONIALS

Karen Guthrie CD(DONA), HCHI, CVD (TVL)

Birth Your Way Doulas

San Clemente, CA  Service range 55 miles

(949)887-3458

http://www.birthyourwaydoulas.com

Birth Fee

$1100 to $1300

CONTACT KAREN VIEW KAREN'S AVAILABILITY

Rafael9/12/2022My wife and I were unable to have a home birth (which was my wife’s preferred birth plan) due to medical reasons that required her to be on monitoring during the labor and delivery process. Our birth plan was ultimately going to be a scheduled induction. Since we were not going to be able to deliver using a midwife and doula only, I was a bit skeptical of hiring a Doula. I thought that the nursing staff and doctor would be present for the delivery process and that would be enough (first time Dad here). My wife wanted to have a Doula present anyway.My wife found our eventual Doula Karen via dona.org. When we had our first in person meet up I was completely surprised by all of the information that Karen was presenting to us as far as what the actual hospital stay and delivery would be like. Our hospital did not have any more in person birthing classes due to the pandemic so we were left to watch online videos and read articles to get an idea of what to expect.When it came to our induction day Karen was absolutely amazing at providing coaching for me to help my wife during the entire process. She would help us with positioning to help during contractions, breath coaching, soothing and relaxation techniques and also physical help when my wife was in need. When it came time to deliver our little bundle of joy Karen was a great advocate for us when it came to situations we did not know to expect. Example: Our doctor told us the baby had turned during contractions. Karen used positioning techniques to help us turn our baby in the correct orientation to facilitate delivery. We delivered a healthy baby boy the following morning.Karen is a wonderful Doula whom was able to help me overcome my concerns in regards to the actual need for a Doula in the first place. Not only was she extremely knowledgeable but she was invaluable to us during our birth.


Annisa12/18/2019When I new I was in early labor she was quick to respond. I told her I was practicing hypnobirthing and when the big day cameKaren is an amazing doula and instrumental to my natural birth experience. Karen wasn't just there when labor started. She became my google search on all things pregnancy related and checked on me as my due date neared.  she knew what to say and how to respond to my labor. She understood my wishes as a hypnobirthing mom and her interventions controlled the discomfort without medications. She kept my husband calm and helped him be a part of the experience. We both agree that we couldn't have done it without Karen. She was worth every penny and we will book her again if I find myself pregnant.


Spenser Clark3/3/2017Karen was a wonderful help at the birth of my son.  I know she was of tremendous assistance to my wife (and she wrote about it, so you can too!) and for me she was great about making sure I had the things I needed to keep supporting my wife. I can say with near certainty that Karen was the only reason I remembered to eat and drink anything the entire time we were at the birthing centre.I felt confident that I didn't have to worry about anything other than my wife and child with Karen there, and I think that that is universally important to anyone supporting their partner during their birthing time.I can't say enough good things about Karen, or all the help she provided us with.


Heather Opperman2/6/2017we're greatfull to Karen for all her help in our birth story. We we're sort of last minute clients and she really made herself available to help us.  We had a lot of questions prior to birth and  not only did she answer them but she also gave us research and helpful tips to get us ready for the birthing process.  I was two weeks late with my little one and she continuously kept in contact with me and was very thoughtful and helping me to relax to help me get the baby out. she got a call from us in the middle of the night to meet us at the birthing center and then we ended up having to go to the hospital and when she helped us in getting there and keeping me comfortable. I was very appreciative of her motherly touch and because I was in back labor I was in need of support for my back and she helped me by rubbing my back and helping me use my oil's.  She also was very supportive of our birth plan and personal choices due to our beliefs.  We were just so appreciative for her loving helping hand and in keeping us calm and keeping me hydrated and  as comfortable as could be in the circumstances.  She went above and beyond for us and we are so appreciative to her to this day. And she got to share one of the most important days of our lives with us ??.


Krystal Campos2/2/2017Where to begin, Karen was amazing! I mostly labored at home and continued on to my local birth center, which Karen was present and active at both. Thankfully she was super attentive to my husband's middle of the night weekend call...the most inconvenient time for labor did not deter Karen. While I was hesitant to have her come over just yet, thinking my labor would be long as a first time mama, my husband and her thought it best to proceed. Boy was I relieved to see Karen when she promptly arrived. My contractions speed up faster than anticipated and she was prepared right away with heat packs for my lower back and counter pressure massage. Although my husband had been helping in the couple of hours prior, she knew exactly where to apply the pressure. Equipped with various essential oils, she utilized those to help me relax. Karen proposed different positions and techniques that I wouldn't have thought of at the moment. Had she not been present, my husband and I would have thought I was hemorrhaging due to all of the fluid loss prior to birth, which I didn't realize was normal in my case. She also worked at keeping me hydrated, calm, and timed my contractions. Karen met some unexpected challenges from the midwife head on. She was attentive, coached, and made appropriate suggestions for the various stages of labor. Towards the pushing phase, Karen once again had her hands full and may have very well almost lost her hands due to all of my gripping and grunting! She was a trooper, never complained, and was by my side from beginning to end. I would highly recommend her and her team. I too once thought I wouldn't need a doula or that maybe it was an extra or luxury, but don't be fooled, doulas are extremely helpful. Note to all first time parents, classes are wonderful, but when it's go time, you're essentially showing up for a game that you've never played and you'll want the help by your side!


Chelsea Clark1/23/2017Karen attended the birth of my first son and I'm pretty sure she saved me an unnecessary C-Section. My son was 8lbs 2oz, with a 98th percentile head size and he was sunny side up. She was so supportive and helpful. She helped us decide when to call the midwife and ask about getting me checked (my contractions were not regular, so it was hard to tell). She did a lot of counter pressure and hip squeezes that were very helpful for my back labor. I distinctly remember when they decided to give me a catheter I started to freak out and she just said "hey, look at me." so I did and she just said with such complete conviction that I had to believe her "this isn't going to be a big deal" I calmed down more quickly than I would have thought possible (and she was right, it wasn't a big deal). I did Hypnobabies and she was the only one in the room that remembered to transfer to the "pushing" track when I started pushing. When I pushed my husband was holding one of my arms and Karen was holding my leg and my other arm and I would pull on them with all my might. This went on for quite a while and she never tired out. I must have made her so sore.