DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
3 TESTIMONIALS

Katharine Whetzel

Rose Moon Birth Services

Los Angeles, CA  Service range 12 miles

301 633 5623

https://www.rosemoonbirthservices.com/

Birth Fee

$1700 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $65

Availability Remarks: Postpartum availability limited to birth clients only. Postpartum clients must also be located within a six mile radius of zip code 90004

CONTACT KATHARINE VIEW KATHARINE'S AVAILABILITY

Angie5/31/2023I can not overstate how grateful I was to have Katherine Whetzel as my Doula and can not imagine what my birth would have been without her. Katherine worked with me during a very personal and intimate experience, but made me feel comfortable from the very beginning. She was incredibly responsive when I thought I was going into early labor and continuously checked in, then was actively by my side for over 12 hours as I labored in the hospital. She was also a great resource for me and my husband before, during, and after my daughter’s birth. She provided me physical support when coping with contractions; she advocated for my needs to hospital staff in a firm and assertive manner, and she was a knowledgeable sounding board and second opinion when the nurses or doctors recommended particular interventions. Every birthing person deserves a Doula, and I can not recommend Katherine enough.


Chelsea G11/7/2022Having Katharine be my birth doula was the best decision I made throughout my entire pregnancy. She really helped me through some tough times, and I am forever grateful that she was by my side. She is extremely knowledgeable and always had tons of resources to share with me to help make my own decisions for my birth. I had a c-section, but having a doula was still MUCH needed for support. My OBGYN tried to talk me out of needing one, but I am so happy that I went with my gut and kept her by my side. I had a very unique experience due to my anatomy and she was able to take so much worry away with her love, knowledge, and expertise. She had an answer for every question I had, and resources for me to follow up on to further her answers. If I ever have another baby, Katharine is the only person I would want to have as my doula. I've always thought of becoming a doula myself, and after having Katharine's support, I am even more sure that I want to becoming one so I could be there for other mamas the way she was for me. Thank you a million times from the bottom of my heart ?? Anyone who gets the opportunity to have Katharine a part of their pregnancy and birth story is beyond blessed. ??


Pia and Tyler Pukatch10/18/2022We had such a wonderful experience with Katharine Whetzel.She is such a baby whisperer, and so sweet and knowledgeable and willing to always jump in and help with anything that needs to be done with either the baby or around the house.It really is true that it takes a village to raise a baby, and it was just the two of us trying to raise our little guy, which can definitely be challenging, and Katharine was such a Godsend.She also offers some great package pricing and flexibility.Highly recommended!!