DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 TESTIMONIALS

Kelsey Machado

Humboldt County Doula

Mckinleyville, CA  Service range 100 miles  Open to all of Humboldt County.

515-979-4460

https://humboldtcountydoula.com

Birth Fee

Not specified

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

Availability Remarks: Currently taking birth & postpartum clients. Free consultation to ensure I am the proper fit for you.

CONTACT KELSEY VIEW KELSEY'S AVAILABILITY

Kylie A8/21/2022We found Kelsey pretty late in our pregnancy due to some communication issues with our providers at the time. I was needing more consent and informed based care than they were offering, so we sought out a doula who would help us navigate the end of pregnancy through birth, and Kelsey was just the person for the job. Our birth ended in a c section due to unforeseen circumstances, and Kelsey made sure every what if and what next was laid out. Every question my husband and I hadn't thought of, she made sure was answered. The other wonderful thing about Kelsey is as a former athlete, I was searching for a coach, and Kelsey was very good at keeping me moving through the labor (prior to deciding on a c section), so I did not stall. All I wanted to do was lie down and bed, but what I needed was someone to keep me moving and motivated. I am very grateful for Kelsey to help us welcome our little girl in to the world. Kelsey was the best moral and spiritual support we could have had for our first birth. 


Katie8/4/2022We started looking for a doula relatively late in my pregnancy, and I wasn't expecting to find someone who was as great a fit as Kelsey so last-minute. From the start she was calm, compassionate, and relatable. She rolled with the punches of my husband's unique sense of humor, and involved him in the prenatal and birthing experiences in ways he hadn't been with the birth of our first child. Kelsey was a valuable source of impartial, evidence-based information whenever I had questions or doubts about what was ahead. Most importantly, she helped me feel strong and capable during a hospital and birth experience that (surprise!) did not go according to plan. I initially didn't think our family would need postpartum visits (after all, we had done this before!) but these ended up being very helpful, and provided a great opportunity to debrief the birthing experience with Kelsey. I would recommend her to anyone looking for respectful and friendly support before, during, and after birthing.