DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
12 TESTIMONIALS

Kennedy Frazier

Irvine, CA  Service range 30 miles

3106232074

Birth Fee

$0 to $1300

Black Doula

CONTACT KENNEDY VIEW KENNEDY'S AVAILABILITY

Brittany Johnson6/8/2023Kennedy has been a major part of our pregnancy and birth journey from our first appointment at the midwifery. The fears we had after transferring care for a better fit were quickly alleviated by her kind, gentle and encouraging energy. Our prenatal visits became our family's favorite appointment in large part to Kennedy's care. Kennedy's role in our lives evolved from the most constant member of our birth team to a part of our family, helping me nest, organize our birth suite and assemble the birthing pool. She went above and beyond the call of duty, hanging string lights, checking in on me frequently and offering to help around the house when I became too pregnant to complete these tasks myself. When we had to navigate major pivots to our birth vision because of unexpected complications, she not only drove us in her car to the midwifery in the middle of the night but stayed in constant communication and contact with us. By proactively hanging string lights and affirmations in our hospital room and helping my husband pack my bags after an unexpected transfer, Kennedy brought the serene birth suite we had envisioned back into play despite a tense labor. Her presence and encouragement provided me with the confidence to focus on my breath work and affirmations despite the chaos of the hospital. She intuitively slipped my birth comb in my hand when I felt out of control in the pushing stage and patiently encouraged me that yes, baby is almost here no matter how many times I questioned her. We are honored that Kennedy is one of the first people to hold our son and one who has shown him so much love and kindness that he snuggled right up to her when she visited us upon our discharge home. I could never thank or recommend Kennedy enough for who she has been to our family in care, kindness and presence that went far beyond our wildest hopes and dreams in a doula. We love you! 


Lauren Millikin6/8/2023I can fully say that without Kennedy our dream birth would not have been possible . Kennedy was not only supportive during our birth, but, she was extremely supportive leading up to the birth. Kennedy provided exercises that ensured our baby was in the right position to make a natural delivery possible . She also checked in with me and made sure that I was doing okay not just physically, but mentally as well. Kennedy even took the time to come to our home to chat and help get things prepared for the birth.  When you are in the powerful moment of birth, let me tell you, Kennedy is the one you will want at your side ! She was definitely my calm during the beautiful storm that birth can be ! We will definitely be using her again as our doula and I will be recommending her to anyone and everyone who will listen ! 


Jeannine Pham6/7/2023I had the pleasure of meeting Kennedy at my birthing center and got to know her each month during my appointments. We clicked right away and her calmness and sweet nature always put me at ease. In the back of my head I knew I wanted Kennedy to be my doula and it was confirmed when my husband met her. Kennedy is absolutely knowledgeable and continuously reached out to see how I was during. During my labor, Kennedy was able to be our advocate, to keep us on the right path to give us the birth we wanted. When I was almost ready to give up, she reassured me everything would be ok. She was patient with me when the pain was too much and continuously encouraged me through all the exercises to further dilate me and position the baby. Without a doubt, I had the birth I wanted because of Kennedy; I cannot thank her enough!


Gladys P6/3/2023There are not enough words or ways to express my gratitude for Kennedy and all of her knowledge, help and support throughout my pregnancy and especially during my labor(!) I endured over 24 hours of contractions, WITH my water broken I must add, and Kennedy was there to support through the toughest of times. I was in constant contact with her via text messages and phone calls as soon as I notified her my water had broken, and when my contractions intensified later in the evening, she was there- fearlessly and gracefully and compassionately helping my husband and I navigate this new and exciting and terrifying journey that we were now on. Kennedy was and is a Godsend- she is such a sweet and caring soul and if I have another baby I would definitely love for her to be involved again. I seriously don’t know what we would have done without her! So so grateful! 


Jenifer5/2/2023I connected with Kennedy through South Coast Midwifery. Kennedy is very knowledgeable, caring, and a positive person and doula! When days were hard she was always very supportive and reassuring that what I was doing was worth it. Kennedy was by my side since week 16, from being available by text anytime of the day, to hiking/walking several times together, to the big birth day she was by my side through it all. Kennedy made a difference in my labor experience. If I were to do it all over again Kennedy would be my first choice for a doula! 


Kashmir Bray3/14/2023At first I wasn't sure I needed a doula but as I progressed in my pregnancy and started preparing more for birth, I decided it would be a good idea. Choosing Kennedy to be my doula was the best decision I made for the birth of my first baby. She is an amazing human and a natural at what she does. Not only is she is skilled and knowledgeable but she is nurturing, open-minded, and supportive in every way. Leading up to the birth she made sure she understood what my ideal birth experience looked like. She always checked in and made sure I felt supported and as prepared as I could be, offering guidance at all times. Unfortunately, like many others, my birth experience didn't go as planned. I started out at a birthing center but had to transfer to a hospital after 15 hours due to an unproductive labor. She knew how important it was to me to try without any interventions and I don't know how I could have gone that long without her support. She was extremely patient and attentive, doing everything she could to make me as comfortable as possible while her and the midwives tried to get my labor to progress. She was so reliable and went above and beyond for 15 hours! I know she was tired and sore from all the counter-pressuring but she didn't let it show one bit. Even after giving it her all through the whole night she was willing to meet us at the hospital if we wished and was still checking in during and after the hospital stay. I will forever be grateful for her unwavering compassion and empathy. She truly took care of me during the hardest thing I have ever done.


Samantha Meany11/3/2022Kennedy is a natural doula. She was a gentle and loving presence at the birth of my second child (my first unmedicated birth). She constantly checked in on me leading up to my due date. During labor, she was calm and encouraged me with massage and words (which I told her were my preferences ahead of time). During transition, I was starting to lose it but she calmly but firmly helped me and my husband get into the positions the midwife instructed me to, even though I didn't want to. She always looked for ways to do more during labor-- for example, I wanted to listen to music during labor but hadn't brought a playlist, so she let us use her Spotify account on her phone for the whole time. Absolutely adore Kennedy and so thankful her role during our birth!!


lindsey dietz10/17/2022We met Kennedy through our birth center. She was with me during my entire pregnancy, checking in with me & answering any questions I had. The week leading up to our birth, Kennedy was so understanding with the ups & downs if labor was starting or not, she was constantly texting with me encouraging me through the waiting. When it was finally time for birth she was with us every moment! It was a very fast labor and so intense, but she was able to talk me through every contraction and kept me calm through my anxiety and stress, she would remind me that I was ok during the excrutiating pain and so close to meeting our baby. During contractions it was like she could read my mind of what I needed, she would press so hard on my hips to help alleviate pain that her arms were shaking after, so dedicated! She kept me drinking water and got me juice to keep my energy up. After birth she was still super available and checked on me often to see how I was healing or how nursing was going. Kennedy is just the sweetest and calmest doula, she was a huge blessing to have at our birth! 


Monica Rios8/31/2022I would 1000% recommend Kennedy Frazier as anyones doula! She is completely easy and approachable to talk to but can also be that firm strong women you need in vulnerable times! Kennedy provided me with such comfort throughout my entire labor! There were moments I felt like I didn't know if I could continue and I would just look over at Kennedy and she would just reassure me that I could do it and that I was doing great! She was my focal point and helped me through each contraction!! I had to look into her eyes each time each contraction towards the end lol but her strength and energy helped me through! Her knowledge for positions and ways to ease labor were also so helpful! She respected and helped me accomplish exactly what I wanted for my birth plan!! She was so awesome!! 


Rebecca Yanes8/30/2022After deciding we didn't want a doula, my husband and I FORTUNATELY found out that the back office gal at our birthing center just so happened to be a doula and would be available for our birth if we wanted. As soon as I heard this news, I was quick to change my mind! Kennedy was always so warm and welcoming every time we came in for a check up that it was easy for me to decide that I wanted her to be apart of our experience. If it weren't for her, my husband and I would've gone to the hospital and probably would've done everything opposite of what we had on our birth plan. She was a great advocate, listened to me rant during contractions and was also there for my husband and mother when they needed support as well. I always look back and remember all the core moments of that day and Kennedy is in almost all of them. She was also great with our little guy for our first postpartum appointment, she was very gentle when performing all of his tests that he pretty much slept through them! We were stunned to find out that we were her first doula clients! (I still don't believe her ;))! She is such a natural and anyone would be so lucky to have her be apart of their experience! Trust me, you NEED her! 


Mrs. Cook8/30/2022I highly recommend Kennedy. She is passionate about being a Doula. Her peaceful demeanor, care, concern, patience, diligence, and understanding combined with her medical field knowledge/ experience are just a few of the traits that emulate in our interactions.Kennedy attentively listened to my pregnancy and birth plan. She diligently followed through with loving suportive care. Kennedy never tried to pressure me to make any decisions I didn't feel comfortable with or that were opposite of my birth plan. She made herself available to answer any questions during my pregnancy and postpartum. Kennedy still checks in on baby and I to see how we are doing.  We are greatful for all the loving care and support she has provided to our family.It has been a pleasure to have her support and presence during my pregnancy, birth and postpartum. If I have another child, I insist on having her by my side.


Amy8/26/2022Working with Kennedy as our birth doula was an amazing experience! My husband and I both felt really connected with her and was a big comfort for any birthing questions I had. During birth, Kennedy was right there to offer support when I needed it and was source of comfort. She provided me with encouragement and patience when I felt like I couldn't keep going.  I am so grateful to her and I'm glad we decided to have her as our doula. I highly recommend her services. She was the best decision we made when prepareing for birth.