DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
37 TESTIMONIALS

Kim Nicholson CD(DONA) CLEC

Loving Grace Doula Services

Vista, CA  Service range 35 miles

760 613 9332

http://lovinggracedoulaservices.com

Birth Fee

$1600

CONTACT KIM VIEW KIM'S AVAILABILITY

Jessica Boynton7/24/2023Working with Kim for the birth of our son couldn’t have been a better experience and honestly I am not sure we would have had the birth we wanted without her. Before the birth she came over to make sure she knew us and knew what we wanted out of having a doula and out of our birth. Having her class on childcare and the birth process was super helpful so we were prepared and it gave us some connections to other parents going through the same thing. When the doctor suggested induction she was very available to answer all of our questions and walk us through the process. When I ended up going into spontaneous labor, her feedback on my pain level helped me make a decision to get an epidural, she guided my support team (husband and mom) so they were more empowered to help, and when the doctor suggested a c-section after 3 hrs of pushing, her confidence in me that I could have a vaginal birth was crucial to being able to go for 4 more hours. If you’re considering Kim, she’s such a wealth of knowledge, both of the hospital, the home birth, healthcare in general, and the birthing process to help you make the decisions that are best for your specific needs. We couldn’t have had the birth experience we had without her.


Kavita1/27/2023Kim was amazing! She met with us for a couple visits before the birth, taught us how to use a car seat and how to care for a newborn (change diapers, swaddle, etc). She also met with us for a visit postpartum to check in on how we were handling life as new parents. And then there was the birth itself! She was extremely patient, understanding, and nonjudgmental and I credit her for my being able to have the birth at home that I wanted, because she believed in me when I didn't believe in myself. She gave me a little goodie bag for the birth and for lactating and a book on birthing which helped set me up for success. Thank you so much from our little family, Kim!


Kit11/15/2022Kim was everything we wanted in a doula and so much more. I had an emotionally tough pregnancy with a rare genetic disease diagnosis likely for our first unborn son. Kim made my husband and I feel comfortable, knowledgeable, strong, and prepared for birth. Kim really set the tone in the delivery room of calm peace and joy. She has a gift in helping the birthing person through decisions during labor, and she was a welcomed help to me, my husband, the nurses, everyone. I can't imagine our son's birth without thinking of Kim. I'll always remember our chats about our previous lives in London while waiting for our baby boy through contractions :D I had a hospital birth with epidural at Kaiser that I had always hoped for and Kim helped us make the decisions we wanted and planned for. I cannot thank her enough and will definitely be hoping we can have her again for future children's births. So much love. 


Chelsey11/15/2022Kim was wonderful and I'd love to have her as my doula again! I was recommended to her by my midwife Paula for my home birth. Based on these recommendations, I knew Kim would be my doula if I decided to have one. I knew Kim was amazing after our first conversation. She spent a lot of the interview discussing my past birth and gave me essential advice about processing old birth trauma. In that conversation, I learned how compassionate and caring Kim is. That conversation felt like a huge hug for my soul that I'd been waiting for. I still wasn't sure I wanted a doula because I didn't want a lot of prenatal attention. Into my third trimester, I couldn't stop thinking about how I wanted Kim at my birth so I contacted her, shared my reservations and she customized a contract where I would get just what I needed! Skip to birth day-I had a precipitous labor so ended up calling her for support within the first 30 min of labor. Thankfully, she was able to drop her other obligations and be there for us. She showed up very quickly and jumped right in. She realized I was very close to having the baby and my midwives weren't there yet. She helped set everything up and assessed to make sure I was doing ok and stayed calm despite the high chance that she would deliver my baby. I didn't have a lot of time with her at my side but I did have a favorite moment. I was pushing unintentionally but needed to slow things down. She grabbed my hands, and coached my to breathe instead of push while everyone got their things together. It was the first time in my 2 births I felt in control and powerful. Soon after the midwives took over and she stepped back, took videos and photos that I'll forever be grateful for!Overall, Kim is meant for this tough job and you can tell that she loves it. Not only is she skilled and experienced but her nurturing demeanor is what every family deserves at their birth. 


Domenica11/14/2022Working with Kim during our pregnancy and birth journey was such a blessing! She is kind, knowledgable, calm, and irreverently funny in a way that the indignities of childbirth require. We felt very supported during the entire process, and appreciated the educational meetings before giving birth, as well as the follow-up visit a few weeks later. She clearly loves her job and the families she works with, will support your personal values and wishes, and can help make what could have been a very scary experience something we look back on fondly. And her lovely English accent is just the icing on the cake.  


Chelsea Dickey4/30/2022I had a wonderful experience with Kim for the birth of my first child. My desire was to labor at home and have an unmedicated birth at Scripps La Jolla hospital using the Bradley Method. We were able to do just that!Kim met with me and my husband a few times prior to birth to get to know us and teach us some labor positions for pain management. She also taught us some refreshers on how to hold a baby, change the diaper, swaddle, and car seat safety. On the phone, Kim helped guide my husband through the at home labor phases which gave him confidence and instructed him when to go to the hospital. I arrived at the hospital fully dilated and ready to push. Kim's presence at the hospital was calming and reassuring during the hour of pushing. My husband was encouraging and a really good emotional support during pushing, but Kim provided the hands on and experienced help which was great. After birth, Kim gave me and my husband space to enjoy the baby. She also took lots of videos and pictures for us. Such a special memory to have! One of my initial concerns of hiring a doula was if bringing a doula to a hospital would cause strife between the doula and hospital medical team since a doula is not staffed by the hospital. Kim was a total professional and well respected with the hospital medical staff. She added a great balance to the team!Thank you, Kim, for helping us achieve a positive and natural birth experience!!


Kelsey Kelly4/21/2022Kim was so kind, gentle, informative, and comforting both in the at home sessions and during our birth.  She had the perfect demenor for us, where she would give us information when requested, but was never pushy or imposing her own preferences in any way.  I think she was equally as important for my husband as she was for me.  He felt like he had another advocate for me in the room to help provide prospective in the decision making process during our hospital stay. The at home sessions really helped us feel prepared for what the process would be immediately after the baby was born so we still had time to research the decisions we would be asked to make which made me feel completely prepared for things like eye ointments, delayed cord clamping, vaccines, tests etc that they want you to do at the hospital.  She also really helped me to think through the physiology of the birth and how I could help baby maneuver his way out.  I would absolutley all Kim again and recommend her to anyone looking for some extra support. 


Shelby Starkey3/21/2022I found out I was pregnant and knowing all my friends and family lived in another state in addition to being high risk, I knew I needed extra support during pregnancy and during labor. I contacted Kim early on and immediately was drawn to her calm presence. She soothed every bit of anxiety I had just by being with me and talking with me during our first meeting, prenatal visits, and during labor. She helped my husband in showing him the best ways to support me, she helped my husband and myself advocate for me and made my labor such a lovely memory. I went into it with no fear, and she was a big part of that. If you're reading this and questioning whether or not you want a doula or to hire Kim, this is your sign to do it! I just can't write enough about how positive of a birth experience I had with her, and if I'm blessed enough to have another, she'll be the one I'll call on again. Thank you, Kim, for the support and blessings during such an incredible journey. -Shelby & Jason, Oceanside, CA


Molly3/1/2022If you're on this site, it's apparent that you're searching for the perfect doula to help support you in this monumental moment of bringing your child into this world. Look no further than Kim Nicholson. Kim was my doula for both my pregancies, which were complete opposite ends of the spectrum. The first birth was a grueling 24 hours at home, a traffic-filled drive to the hospital and an agonizing additional 6 hours with 2.5 hours of long pushing. Kim was there for me and my husband every step of the way. She was constantly checking in on me before it was time for her to come to my home, she helped with pressure points, calm breathing, words of encouragement, timing of contractions, different movements and techniques, and was an immense support to my husband. She had music, oils, pressure balls, all the tricks in the book to help mama's during this time. At the hospital, she helped communicate my needs to the nurse staff, get us food and drinks, remind me to breathe and change positions, a true nuturer in every case. Kim endured a long birth and kept my husband and myself on the right track to holding a healthy baby in our arms! For my second birth, we decided to have the baby in our home and Kim was escatic! She had a few at-home "classes" for us to prepare us for the mental and environmental preparedness necessary to have a home birth. She provided references for Midwives and helped us select the best team possible. She advised on breathing techniques, helped encourage me through the tough moments, sat next to me for hours just pouring water on my back letting me know I was doing a fantastic job (the English accent definitely soothes you too!) The second birth was 6 hours, 2 pushes and a whole lot of fun! (Really, it was amazing). After the each birth she checked in on me, visited, held and loved my baby so my husband and I could just take a break. Kim is now part of my family and I couldn't imagine having anyone else by myside for my doula. 


Amanda Coox2/1/2022I had a great experience with Kim for the birth of my second child. Kim is so sweet and calm. Even though I was an experienced mom, I found that she was wonderful to help me through the contractions -- she provided the coaching, positions, and tools that were needed to help my birth progress quickly. She also was a strong but gentle voice to remind me of my commitment to natural child birth, and helped me when I felt a little coherced by the hospital staff to take drugs after birth, which I had not wanted to do. I will definitely use Kim again if I have another child. She was very orderly, organized, and easy to work with, along with her sweet demeanor and great skill for coaching!  


Kristen2/1/2022Kim is so kind and caring. She was a calming presence before and during my birth, which is exactly what I needed. I had a hospital birth with an epidural and no other interventions as planned. I was able to avoid having to take Pitocin directly because of the relaxation techniques Kim did on me. If I have another baby I would definitely want Kim to be there with me!


Julia Graham1/31/2022I don't know if words can express just how wonderful and truly amazing Kim is as a doula and a person. She was with me during the birth of my first baby, Nicholas. We met a few times (my husband and I) with Kim before the big day. During that time, she taught us about the birthing process and some basics on how to take care of a newborn. She also explained about some of what to expect on the day of delivery. When the moment we all were waiting for finally arrived, Kim showed up and coached me through the entire thing. She kept giving me confidence and kept me calm with her soothing reminders. She knew some techniques to help move the birthing process along and that helped a lot. I feel incredibly blessed to have had Kim there with us. At one of our meetings before the delivery, we went over our birth plan that my husband and I created. It felt  like she had memorized it because she didn't let me waiver from what we said we wanted even when I felt a bit overwhelmed or even a little scared. With Kim's help, I had the confidence and courage to bring my baby into this world exactly as I dreamed; with a natural, calm and peaceful birth. I know that she cares about the families she supports because she still keeps in touch with us to this day! She was also there for me days/weeks right after delivery when I had questions about what I was experiencing as a first time mom.  If anyone needs a doula, I would recommend Kim without any hesitation. She is truly a blessing to have during a day in your life that you will never forget. 


Lea Wester1/31/2022I hired Kim to be my doula in 2021. From the moment my husband and I met her we knew she was the perfect fit. She has a wonderful calming energy about her, and she is the sweetest person ever. I lost my mother when I was young, so I really wanted a doula who felt like a nurturing mother figure. She filled the role beautifully.  Unfortunately my delivery experience didn't go how I wanted it to at all, and I had to have an emergency induction at the hospital, which resulted in an emergency C-section. Although Kim was unable to perform her usual doula routine, she did remain by my side holding my hand and comforting me for many hours in the hospital. It was something I really needed at the time and truly appreciated. She also visited me and the baby the following day after she was delivered, and she came to my home a couple of times to check in on us during the postpartum recovery time. I have no regrets hiring Kim, I only wish we could have experienced the peaceful home birth I had imagined. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a doula.


C.J. Jensen10/30/2021We are so thankful for Kim. From our very first meeting with her, we knew we wanted her to be part of our birth experience. She has just the right energy - strong but compassionate, full of humor and patience. We felt so much more prepared for parenthood after our pre-labor visits with her. When labor started, she was with us for the whole journey. We ended up having a very long labor and difficult delivery, and I don't know what we would have done if she hadn't been by our side through it all. There's really no way to put a price on the kind of peace that comes with having someone like Kim by your side during one of life's most harrowing and beautiful experiences -- that of giving birth and becoming parents. My birth story included an unplanned c-section. She knew that singing helped me calm down, and she held my hand and sang with me during the surgery and as we saw our child for the first time. There is simply no experience like bringing life into the world. It's unpredictable even under the best of circumstances. We are so thankful Kim was there with us through it all. 


Tara Pade10/9/2021My husband and I selected Kim as our Doula after seeing her amazing experience and interviewing her on the phone. We are beyond happy we chose her!! I feel any family would highly benefit from her knowledge but most importantly her genuine love and support that helped bring us confidence in our birth plan and comfort during times that went astray.She came fully prepared to our house for two prenatal visits with visuals and items to go hands on. She listened intently to me talk about my desires and fears and ignited questions I hadn’t even posed to myself. The day we delivered (via unplanned induction due to HELLP syndrome) she was at the ready and extremely flexible waiting for us to give the word when we wanted her to come to the hospital. I progressed from a 5 to a 10 in a short matter of time. Frantically we had to call her to come in, and she was literally there in 50 minutes (that’s how far she lives from my hospital). She made it in perfect timing and jumped right in ready to help me deliver. I honestly don’t even remember my nurse being around or talking to me the whole time I was pushing because Kim was right there and had everything under control. The doctors were listening to her and she commanded the room with grace and expertise. I was a little worried about my husband during push time (fear of him passing out, or being overwhelmed, not knowing how to help me) but he was beautifully directed by Kim. He was able to follow her lead and he stepped right up to the plate and did great! At one point, when my pain was so intense, all I remember is Kim stroking my temple region and her soft sweet voice calming me down. I will never forget that moment!We are awaiting our postnatal visits with her, but I knew I didn’t need to wait to write my review. Being a nurse myself, I can say Kim comes highly recommended!


Christina9/29/2021Hiring Kim to be our doula was the best decision we made regarding our son's birth. Kim has one of the biggest hearts of anyone I've ever known. She is kind, extremely knowledgeable, calming, funny, and great at communicating. For 24 hours, Kim was at the hospital with me until my baby was born. She helped with positions and breathing during my labor, as well as making sure my boyfriend was okay as well. At the end, when the doctor told me I had to have a c-section and I burst into tears, it was Kim who calmed me down and helped me focus and come to terms with my situation. I will be forever grateful for the kindness and compassion she showed to me and my boyfriend throughout such a vulnerable time. I could not recommend her more highly. 


Adrianna Hathaway9/21/2021Kim was simply the best doula!  She supported not just myself, but my husband through our birth journey.  She listened to my wants/needs, knew the things I needed without me asking for them during the most difficult but precious time in our lives.  This woman wore several hats at once from campanion, to coach, doula, photographer, therapist, to nutritionist and more.  She is not only experienced but well rounded and an amazing woman!  We love her and are forever greatful! 


Erin9/20/2021I found Kim through my lactation consultant rather last-minute for the birth of my first son. I had been going back and forth as to whether I needed a doula for some time. Let me tell you: if you are on the fence, just do it. And, hire Kim if you can! She helped spur along my birthing time by showing me and assisting me with some exercises before I could be admitted to my birth center. During my birthing time, she provided the emotional support I had no idea I would need, when I needed it most. Thank you, kim!


Natalie Thomas9/19/2021Kim provided us the most safe, comfortable, and honest space - exactly what we were looking for in a Doula. Her motherly instincts, wisdom, and peaceful nature bring so much strength to a birth.  As a first time mom it was so amazing to have her by my side while laboring. She was an angel. We had her come to our home, and then go with us to the birth center.  She guided us every step of the way without being aggressive or intrusive. My husband and I both needed her during birth, and are so grateful. She is real, loving, knowledgeable, and professional.  Such an asset to your team!! 


Tia9/11/2021Kim was such a blessing during my labor and pregnancy! She helped me to make informed decisions about my labor and prepared me for such a remarkable experience. She was a comfort through out my pregnancy and labor and was an amazing advocate for me during my labor. My husband was not sure about what doulas were and why I would want to spend the money on doula services but his mind was quickly changed once labor began and he saw her incredible support and advocacy for me during labor. Now he says we will never do a pregnancy without a doula! Thank you Kim for everything!!!   


Deanna5/30/2021Kim was such a blessing to us throughout my pregnancy and during the birth of our daughter. She was so comforting, I got that feeling like she was a second mom, aunt or grandma to me. She is a mom and grandma herself and it shows in her warmth, knowledge and confidence. Kim checked in on me frequently during pregnancy and recommended only the most helpful resources. Without her help I would not have been prepared for a medication free childbirth. Towards the end of pregnancy when we thought I would go into early labor and give birth at the hospital (where only one labor partner was allowed in and our wishes were less likely to be respected), Kim met with my husband and I and helped us make an alternate hospital birth plan. Thankfully that plan wasn't needed. When I went into labor Kim was there as my encourager. She gave me the confidence I needed to keep going and to birth a healthy baby girl. Kim is the best!!


Emilia3/23/2021Kim was amazing for my husband and I, words can only begin to describe how meaningful she was. Her pre-birth education sessions were so informative we felt like we didn't need any formal courses, and she truly cares every step of the way. From the moment we first spoke her wisdom and purpose as a doula shines through. During my labor she was a huge comfort, providing everything I hoped she would and then some, supporting both my husband and I physically and emotionally. She helped me activate my contractions outdoors on the big day and provided pain relief through physical touch and guided my husband as well. Kim has a lovely, motherly touch and reassuring no-nonsense approach while being mindful of the spiritual and emotional needs of couples transitioning to parenthood. Kim also helped us process the birth afterwards, which was a big help post partum. We can't recommend Kim enough! 


Abbeyq1/5/2021We were beyond grateful to have Kim by our side for the 24 hours of labor and all the help and education before that point. She was 100% dedicated to us and out goal. She was supportive of every turn our labor journey took. I felt safe and cared for throughout the whole process and I couldn't have done it without her. Her love, selflessness, and knowledge truly shine. 


MaryRose1/1/2021My experience with Kim was absolutely incredible. I don't know if I could go through another birth without a doula. My husband was deployed, so Kim was my main support system and I couldn’t have done it without her! I had a very long induction/labor and a difficult delivery with some scary moments, and she was by my side the entire time. Her depth and breadth of experience is unmatched. She is kind, compassionate, and truly loves her role as a doula. She was able to explain the birth process to me every step of the way and answered all of my questions. She was so comforting in times of pain and stress, and offered many techniques to assist with this. I can’t thank her enough for her services and highly recommend her! 


Maryjean12/29/2020Kim is a wonderful doula! We first spoke on the phone and it felt like talking to an old friend so we decided to meet in person. She then met us at a park so our 2 year old daughter could play while we chatted and went over her services. We met several more times and we discussed techniques and she asked us our preferences and together we came up with a birth plan. She made us feel like she would support our plan and back us up whenever we needed it. When the day came, we called her to tell her, she met us outside the hospital with a wheelchair as baby was well on her way. She kept me calm and focused while we checked in. Unfortunately, only my husband and I were allowed in triage and that is where my daughter was born. However, Kim was still there when our baby was born. She even took some personal items for me back home. Our baby had to stay at the hospital for a few weeks and then COVID hit so we couldn't do our follow up visits but she stayed in touch and checked in on us many times. She is very thorough and is a wealth of knowledge, we wholeheartedly recommend her! She is such a warm and sweet person, you will truly feel like she is a loving family member (I think I described her as a sort of Mary Poppins.)


Alexa Howell11/30/2020Words cannot describe our sincere appreciation for Kim!  She was the most wonderful resource to us from the moment we met her to visits at our home after our baby was born.  Both my husband and I connected with her immediately when we all first met and we felt so comforted by her genuine disposition.  She is a wealth of knowledge and has such a sincere heart.  We laughed together throughout our visits leading up to our son's birth and she kept us laughing and uplifted all throughout the journey.  She was our security blanket for all 26 hours of labor and the experience would not have been the same without her.  We can't wait for future births with Kim and we will forever hold a special place in our hearts for her!


Yesenia and Ryan Auer11/30/2020My husband and I left  our first meeting knowing that we wanted Kim to go on the journey of welcoming our first child into the world with us as our doula. Despite the circumstances of COVID, she made me feel significantly less anxious that I felt before she started supporting me. As a first time mom, I was so nervous about being pregnant and specifically about delivery. She gave me so many valuable tips and techniques to get me through labor.  I felt empowered and prepared  and I was able to go into labor more confident and knowledgeable about some of the decisions I would have to make regarding induction and whether or not to get an epidural. Our family is so thankful that we found her and any one going through pregnancy would be so blessed to have Kim supporting them. We could not recommend her enough and are very happy with our decision to choose her. You won't regret it! 


Melissa Jagel11/28/2020My decision to work with Kim was THE best decision I could ever have made for my pregnancy and labor/ delivery.  I recommend her with 10 + gold stars, as she truly went above and beyond.  Kim was invaluable and the most important factor helping me to have the type of birth I desired (no induction, no epidural, vaginal).  Being a doula truly seems like a calling and a vocation for Kim.  She is exceptionally caring, kind, compassionate, and is a wonderful listener.  Kim has a spirit of service and an attitude which honors the mom and what kind of birth experience she would like.  I feel like Kim was truly my partner in birthing my baby, as she was there visiting and/ or speaking with me almost daily the week I went into labor, as well as with me throughout my birth and hospital stay.Kim was my #1 support person, and I couldn't have chosen better for my circumstances.  As an older, 1st time mom, my OB labeled me as high risk and wanted to dictate many aspects of my birth.  Kim instilled in me a sense of self-confidence which helped me to achieve the birth I desired.  She has a lot of experience working in hospitals and thus could give me a heads up on what to expect and how to navigate/negotiate with nurses and other hospital workers. Not only is Kim highly experienced, knowledgeable, and qualified (she has taken many advanced trainings), she has an incredibly calming, nurturing, supportive, and positive presence.  With Kim at my side, I believed in my inner strength and that I could birth my baby naturally and healthfully. Kim helped me with a plethora of natural induction techniques (including a wonderfully relaxing meditation and aromatherapy), which was so important to me as I was past my due date.  Once at the hospital, Kim was my advocate extraordinaire.  She was an excellent communicator with all the staff, which set me at ease.  Kim is the very best doula you could dream of!


Courtney3/4/2020 Kim has a very nurturing and warm presence. I immediately felt safe, supported, and able with her services. She was with my husband and I throughout my entire labor, gently guiding both us through the contractions. I looked to her for advice as well as physical and psychological support throughout my labor. Looking back, I can't imagine giving birth to my daughter without Kim by my side! 


Silvia Saldivar12/5/2019Where do I begin! From the get go Kim was very supportive and helpful. My husband was away on deployment for the majority of my pregnancy. Kim would meet with me to just chat or walk, and  listen to my concerns. It was reassuring and refreshing! I was very happy to have her a long the way - she was very supportive with my husband and I both at home and at the hospital. She made giving birth to my beautiful boy a better experience than I could have asked for, just by being there. She was always available when we needed her. The best support for my husband and I. We were both so happy to have Kim with us along the way. I wouldn't have had it any other way. 


Penny Jacobo11/20/2019In my search for a doula I interviewed a few people. I thought I had chosen someone but I had one last person to interview; Kim. Kim blew me away with the experience she had and also with her gentle manner. I hired her right away and was so happy I did. She was not only incredibly supportive but also had a great knowledge of positions, techniques and other bits of knowledge that were incredibly helpful. 


Bree F11/11/2019I was recommended by a coworker to hire Kim as our Doula I knew from the start I wanted to have a doula being my first pregnancy and not knowing what to expect. We meet with Kim to make sure we would be a good match and from the beginning I loved how well educated she was. During my pregnancy she was always in contact with me checking in with me and a few at home visits. The moment I knew i was in labor we let her know she came right over, we labored at home for a little then finally went to the hospital we got sent home, and then we went back maybe an hour later and of course kim was right by our side the whole time. I did not have the easiest labor, nothing went as planned but Kim helped every bit of the way. 30 hours of labor we finally had a baby! She never once left my side. If I ever have a second baby Kim will definitely be part of my birth plan again! 


Jackie Sauer9/20/2019To say that Kim was a wonderful doula is an understatement. We hired her for the birth of our first baby and are so thankful we did! We found Kim to be quite informed on the birthing process, labor exercises, and hospital protocols/interventions. My husband and I took a birthing class and although my husband had been trained to be my birthing coach, having Kim's assistance was so beneficial to assist my husband and offer other techniques we had not learned. Our hope was to have a natural unmedicated birth, which Kim was supportive of, but unfortunately it did not end up that way. I was induced with many decisions to make regarding interventions needed. My husband and I heavily relied on Kim's knowledge and support on which interventions to allow or hold off on. She was so helpful during our overwhelming experience of labor and delivery. I was so pleased with her service and felt she way went above and beyond what we expected from her. She spent many many hours with us with very little sleep and rest; she was a champ!!!! By the time our baby was born I felt like she was family and missed her when she went home :).  To this day she still checks in on us and I still turn to her for advice/thoughts postpartum and baby issues. She is an amazing doula, friend, and such a blessing! I have already and will continue to recommend her to others and will absolutely use her again for any future babies. 


Molly9/4/2019If you're looking for a kind, gentle, empowering, nurturing, and loving Doula for your birth experience, Kim is your gal! Throughout my pregnancy, Kim checked in with me, went on walks with me, met my husband and I to go over our birth preferences, her contributions to the experience, how to prepare for the birth, and more. Kim was always available over text or phone call, had encouraging words during the last tiring days and during the difficult moments of labor. Kim approaches your experience knowing this is YOUR experience, your special moment bringing your baby into this world and she is there to support your goals and help you and your partner through this journey, with no judgements, and nothing but love. She is very attentive during the labor and delivery, and is experienced in many birthing methods. Breathing, massage, stretches, anything to assist in making mama feel most comfortable and supported. Not only does she help mamas through the birthing process, she helps the partner through the experience as well. Kim will always be a special part of our lives and truly made our birthing experience incredible. We love you Kim!


Amy Clement8/11/2019Kim is amazing and very supportive. Being a first time mom, Kim helped me mentally and physically prepare for our son's birth. Kim is like a second mom to me and will always have a special place in our family. Highly recommend her to all my family and friends.   


Valerie6/21/2019Kim is the best! I would not consider going through birth without her. Her loving guidance and support made all the difference in our birth experience. Hands down it was the best money we spent on our birth plan. She’s super knowledgeable, patient, compassionate and every other good adjective you can think of. You’ll love having her as part of your birthing team! 


Lucy Louis6/20/2019My husband and I had the pleasure of meeting Kim when I was 6 months pregnant. We interviewed a few doulas, but straight away knew that Kim was the one for us. She has a loving, gentle nature while also being knowledgeable and assertive enough to instill confidence. In the lead up to our due date, I met with Kim and she checked in with me via phone, she gave me exercises, affirmations and other support to compliment our birth plan.We went over due a few days and as a first time mom, I really appreciated her support navigating the US health Care system; especially as I wanted to have a natural birth as possible. When I went into labor, Kim met us at the hospital and I can honestly say although the birth didn't go according to "the plan" that without Kim's help, I feel I may have been steam rolled by the staff at the hospital. She was great and her fanning skills are second to none! Her aromatherapy came at just the right time for a burst of orange energy.Our beautiful daughter came into this world just as we wanted, happy and healthy by vaginal delivery. Kim's after care has been caring and so perfectly balanced; helping and encouraging me to take the time and space I needed as a new mom.I thoroughly recommend Kim of Loving Grace Doula services and will forever be grateful that she was a part of my daughter’s birth.