DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
18 TESTIMONIALS

Kimberly Ryan

CALM Mama Doula

Rancho Palos Verdes, CA  Service range 30 miles

http://www.thecalmmamadoula.com

Birth Fee

$1650 to $2750

CONTACT KIMBERLY VIEW KIMBERLY'S AVAILABILITY

Kristina Sorrells6/21/2023With my first birth I did not have a doula but knew I definitely wanted to have the support of a doula for my next birth. Having Kim as our doula was even more incredible than I could have imagined. She did body work with me days before I even went into labor. She was always available to talk when I had a concern or questions. She encouraged and supported me through the entire labor and delivery. She was so calm and attentive to my needs which gave me so much strength during the most difficult points in labor. In the immediate postpartum period she checked in and was not only a listening ear to the various struggles I had but she supplied me with resources such as a lactation consultant, chiropractor, and pelvic floor specialist. She takes a holistic approach knowing that both the mental and physical aspects of healing need to be addressed. She became our friend through this experience and I'm so grateful to her! 


Susan3/22/2023I couldn't decide if I wanted a doula or not.  Some of my friends have never heard of it and some friends highly recommended it.  I spoke to a handful who had different styles of support so I wasn't sure how to select one.  Ultimately, it came down to the fear of being sent home by the hospital, possibly more than once, for showing up too early.  I'm so fortunate to have found Kimberly because she offers a holistic approach with services that fit my needs.  The virtual support was great because she always had an answer and offered resources to do additional research if I wanted.  The hands on sessions were really helpful because they eased my prenatal mind and body.  I felt prepared for labor and relied so much on her during my delivery.  I may have had to have an emergency c-section if it wasn't for her there.I also lucked out because Kimberly operates near my birthing hospital and residence which means she had recommendations for specialists near me!  I'm sad that she doesn't offer postpartum services because I would work with her again without thinking twice.


Lanie Caron3/13/2023This was my second time having Kimberly for my births and I can honestly say I would have had very different experiences if it had not been for her. She has a quiet strength about her which gives you comfort and ease during perhaps the most painful time of your life. Kimmy's attention to detail and focus on her client is unbelievably present and special. I cannot express enough how having Kimmy as my doula made my births less painful and more peaceful. I could completely rely on her for my needs during all parts of my birth and I could not picture her not there. Kimmy, I love you and thank you for making me love my birthing center birth and more recently, my homebirth! You're amazing. Xo


Molly12/20/2022Kimberly was a god-send! You won’t find a kinder, more intelligent, more thoughtful doula! This was our second pregnancy. I’m a professor with expertise in pregnancy biology, so I knew about benefits of doulas from research, yet I wasn’t sure what a doula would “do” for me because I thought I already had knowledge both from my job and from previous baby. Turns out I was delighted because Kimberly helped me a LOT in MANY ways! She joined us during the second trimester. She met with us in our backyard and was the perfect combination of professional and warm, making us feel comfortable, asking us questions and really listening. She is knowledgeable about caring for the physical pregnant body (expert in “Spinning Babies” technique), and loving and patient and nurturing, caring for the pregnant woman’s mind and feelings. She was inclusive of my husband, teaching him how to help me. She has a treasure trove of practical knowledge about the various hospitals in LA and their environments for birth. When our questions required a longer answer, she magically had an original powerpoint prepared on her laptop to guide our conversation (not lecture). In third trimester our pregnancy was diagnosed with problems. This wasn’t the pregnancy/birth experience we’d hoped for, but thank god for Kimberly who shepherded us through. She educated us about our options at each stage. She had a lot of detailed helpful actionable advice, not proselytizing, but well-informed and thoughtful. Because of c-section and pandemic, Kimberly couldn’t join at hospital, so instead she helped postpartum at home. She was so generous, bringing a heating pad she made herself, and other small helpful gifts. She rocked my baby so I could shower, cooked me food, and massage. She talked with me and shared her own experiences as a mother. Her kids are lucky to have such a special mom and you will be lucky to have such a special doula!


Angelina B.11/15/2022My husband and I had the pleasure of having Kim Ryan's support during our son's birth in July 2022.Leading up to our son's birth, Kim educated us on what to expect during the birth and postpartum stages, as well as instructed me (mama) on how to prepare my body using the BRM (Body Ready Method). Kim was thorough, thoughtful, and incredibly intuitive throughout the entire process; providing what we needed, when we needed it. For example, after seeing a Pelvic Floor Therapist and sharing their findings with Kim, she carefully modified my BRM plan to fit my needs.All of the prenatal sessions with Kim helped us feel confident going into our birth. When the time of our son;s birth came, she met us at the hospital and brought her calm and peaceful energy. She gently provided positioning suggestions, words of encouragement, and loving touch to mama and dad. When we reached a critical point during labor, Kim spoke on behalf of mama to the medical staff; her requests lead to a more comfortable solution and was a catalyst for a smooth delivery. We truly believe our incredible labor can be attributed to the prep we did with Kim, and to her advocating for us while in the delivery room. The "cherry on top" was Kim's nurturing presence post-birth where she made sure that mama and dad were fed and cared for before triage.Thank you Kim, you made our amazing birth experinece what it was.


Sydney Chapp11/14/2022We decided to get a doula somewhat last minute before our birth and we are SO happy we did! This was our first birth and Kimberly was perfect for us. There were a lot of things going into birth that we didn’t think of (or didn’t know) and Kimberly prepped and helped us with a birth plan as well as exercises and routines to help prepare my body and mind for labor. Kimberly has a great demeanor, which always helped me feel calm and in control. I was a little nervous for birth, but once we hired and worked with Kimberly I went into labor excited and honestly really enjoyed birth, which is something I never thought I’d say! She was great at helping me communicate what I was wanting and helping me stay comfortable and focused during birth. Kimberly also went above and beyond with communication and being there for us. We love Kimberly and she’ll always hold a special place in our hearts. I could not recommend working with her more!


Gurpreet Seehra11/4/2022Kimberly was truly a blessing! I searched months for a doula and once I interviewed with her I knew I had to have her be a part of my birth experience. She provided a level and calm aura, interacted wonderfully with the medical staff, and made me feel super supported. She has become a part of our family and will definitely be a part of our next birth. I highly recommend her!


Andriana Albert10/21/2022There's a reason they call Kimberly "Calm Mama Doula." From the moment I met Kimberly, I felt a level of comfort and trust in her. I started working with Kimberly a few months before I gave birth. I wanted to have the best pregnancy and birth experience possible, which meant preparing long before I got to the hospital.Kimberly worked with me on the "Body Ready Method," where she taught me exercises (instead of just stretching) that helped me feel my best during my pregnancy, and prepared my body for all stages of birth. Throughout each session, Kimberly was a wealth of information. She taught me and my partner so much about the mental and physical changes that happen while you're pregnant. She had detailed PowerPoints that were pretty amazing. She also gave us an in-depth understanding of each phase of birth. Her reliance on evidence-based care and teaching me that I have options and how to advocate for myself made a world of difference. I am forever grateful for this wisdom.My birth experience was one I will cherish forever. It was incredible. I felt so empowered, supported, and strong. Armed with the tools and mindset Kimberly had instilled in me, I was able to have the birth I wanted. And she was there guiding me every step of the way. Always calm, always reassuring, and always reminding me I have options. She gave me an unlimited number of positions to labor in (which we had gone over in our last session), regardless of the scenario. I wanted to have a natural birth, and even with Pitocin and having my water broken, I was able to do so. I know this wouldn't have been possible without Kimberly's guidance. She stayed with us for an hour or so after our son was born, which meant a lot. Kimberly is genuine, creative, and deeply cares about her clients and their babies. She is a lifelong supporter of families and keeps in touch with to this day.THANK YOU for everything Kimberly! We love you!


Cheyenne Reed3/18/2022I have used Kimberly for both of my births. The first time she made us feel very comfortable and although she was just beginning her journey of becoming a doula she was very knowledgable. As new parents we didn't truly know what to expect at a birth but she walked us through it all and calmed us both down. She knew the cues as to when I was having a contraction and how to effectively get me through it. What I also loved is how she managed my emotions and found healthy gateways to channel my energy. The second time she was present for our son's birth, it made us feel like we were a family reunited once again. She advocated for what I wanted and stood by my decisions even though it was not an ideal birth plan. Unfortunately, I developed preclampsia and was admitted to the hospital 5 weeks early, she was pretty much in the hospital almost everyday for a week to make sure I was taken care of and knew what medicine I was given and the correct dosage amount. She made sure I understood it all since it was new territory and experience for me. My husband tried joining as much as he can but also managing our household alone with our toddler. Having her with me and advocating on my behalf made us at ease because we didn't know what to expect having a premature baby. If we ever choose to have another baby, even though this pregnancy was rather difficult. I would choose her again. She is pretty much family to us and I love sending her updates of both my children. 


Courtney & Demetri3/14/2022Having Kimberly as our doula was one of the best decisions of our lives. From preparation beforehand to the toughest moments during birth, she was everything we needed: calm, knowledgeable, alert, supportive and tireless. Her presence is synonymous with safety and reassurance. There were multiple unforeseen instances and circumstance during the birth that Kimberly noticed with doula vigilance and navigated with doula grace. I have since recommended having a doula to all my baby-expectant friends... and they would be oh so lucky to have someone as special and sincere as Kimberly.


Randy Park2/7/2022Kimberly was amazing! As a first time father not knowing exaclty what to expect having Kim's knowledge and expertise in the room was very reassuring! She was very in tune with my girlfriend with where she was at in her labor and helped guide me in how to help Savannah. I'm so grateful for her and were so glad we chose her as our doula!


Savannah Larson2/6/2022My experience with Kimberly was such an amazing one! She was constantly available to me via text, call, at anytime for all of my pregnancy and labor questions. She readily responded with great information and knowledge regarding topics of my concern. She never gave her opinion and instead stated facts and highlighted evidence based results. Kimberly is someone who is very kind, and compassionate. She makes you feel safe, and well taken care of. I always felt heard and listened to during times of stress or uncertainty. She has a very calming way about explaining situations to you that made me feel safe and understood. Kimberly was able to come to my house for a visit during pregnancy where she got to know me and my partner, she asked about all of my preferences, and any concerns I have regarding my birth plan. She showed us positions to help with my specific pain, and went over options for birthing positions and breathing techinques. All of this amazing knowledge helped me feel prepared and empowered for my birth. During the time at the hosptial Kimberly was absolutely an integrile part of my birthing team. She came as soon as we let her know my water broke and was there for the entire labor. She helped me to stay calm, instructed and coached me on breathing and positioning, and empowered me to give birth to my sweet baby. My birth experience would not have been what it was without her. My partner and I felt safe, comforted, and like we had this amazing tool in our back pocket. Kimberly made my birth experience extremely special, especially for a first time mom. I would recommend her services to every woman giving birth. I look back on my birth experience so fondly and with such a special glow because of the way Kimberly made me feel. I cannot imagine doing that without her! Thank you Kimberly you are a very special person! 


Ai12/8/2021Kimberly was wonderful to work with during my pregnancy, birth, and postpartum. She was extremely supportive and helpful to both myself and my husband every step in our journey. She brought evidence based information that helped us make important, educated decisions for our health and baby's health. She helped me get through the toughest parts of labor and remain calm, I would have totally panicked without her being there. She also gave amazing massages to ease the pain <3 And when our baby arrived she remained a great support and resource for us first time parents trying to figure out how to care for a newborn. We are thankful for her and 1000% we want her there at our next pregnancy and birth! 


Jillian Nielsen8/16/2021Where do I even begin?! Well, I think everyone could benefit from hiring a doula. We, my family and I couldn't be happier that we had Mrs. Kimberly Ryan on our side to help and guide us through an unpredictable and nerve racking time. She is very patient and professional, she can provide the support you need in order to make you feel secure in labor and delivery. She educates you and your partner what is going on and it really prepared me and i felt confident through my induced labor and birth. In a time like that we needed someone spiritually at peace, her presence and everything she can give is a true blessing. 


Siobhan M.8/10/2021CALM Mama Doula is an excellent name for Kimberly’s business, as this is exactly what she brings to the birth process. We sought Kimberly’s services for the birth of our second baby, and it was the best decision we made. Her prenatal sessions were organized, thoughtful, tailored, and very informative. I felt completely supported and empowered during my son’s hospital birth, thanks to Kimberly’s expertise. Postpartum, Kimberly was so attentive and thoughtful. In addition to providing education on healing practices using food and massage, she also showed me how to apply a Bengkung belly wrap, which has been so helpful in my recovery. After only a few days of wearing the wrap, I’ve noticed a difference in my posture and core activation. Thank you Kimberly, for being the CALM in the storm of a pandemic birth and helping to make the experience one to be cherished.  


Micki8/5/2021This beautiful angel of a human was such a lifesaver for me with the birth of my second baby- and my first unmedicated, non-induced natural labor. The hospital staff wasn't the best to me, and Kim made sure I was clean and warm and safe and advocated for throughout my labor and birthing. She brought me peppermint oil, helped me change positions, helped me breath, and was such a calming yet strong presence in the room. She was the one that ran to get my husband as our daughter was flying out of me to make sure he was by my side. I'm forever grateful for her!


Emily & Kerry Kaufman7/31/2021Kimberly was professional, experienced and friendly. We were unable to have Kim come into our labor room due to the pandemic, but we had a refresher course via Zoom with her to recap our first delivery 3 years ago and talk about different techniques we could use during our 2nd delivery. It was informative and super helpful! Hopefully if we have a 3rd, they will allow doulas to be at the hospital, because we would definitely be blessed to have her by our side and share such a precious moment with someone we truly trust.


Christina Main7/30/2021My husband and I can't rave enough about Kimberly's attention, care, support and knowledge! She was the absolute perfect doula and her name- calm mama fits perfectly! From her prenatal support (meetings, education, text support and more!) to our extremely crazy birth- she was on top of it! In labor, our baby turned into a wrong position and Kimberly stayed by my side and helped through contractions, spin him to the right side! She was calm, direct and present- coaching my husband and I in a way that brought peace but wisdom during a trying time! Then when baby decided to come in record speed and at our home instead of birth center, she remained cool and collected and really created the best atmosphere. Never once did she lose her cool. She guided my breaths, spoke truths to me, reminded me I could do this and physically touched and rubbed and held my hand in ways that really just continued to encourage and help the situation. She was amazing and perfect and my husband and I are so thankful she was there. Right after delivery she cleaned me, fed me, and cared for me so I could just lay and rest! Same with postpartum care. Delivery didn't stop her attention on mommy and baby. She is still continuing to care for me in ways I didn't know I needed! My birth was so peaceful and loving and it's totally because Kimberly was a part of my team! 10 stars!!! 