DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
13 TESTIMONIALS

Kirsten Dudley CD (DTI) Lamaze CBE

Kirsten Dudley Doula & Virtual Support

Corte Madera, CA  Service range 40 miles  During Covid-19 restrictions I am doing virtual support for clients who dont have any.

415 425 0519

http://www.kirstendudley.com

Birth Fee

$2000 to $3250

Postpartum Rate

$60 to $65

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Riley FitzGerald8/4/2023Our experience with Kirsten, our birth doula, was absolutely fantastic. Her knowledge and commitment were evident from our very first meeting. Navigating through the labyrinth of pregnancy and birth was made immeasurably easier with her guidance.Kirsten's presence was akin to having an additional, dedicated nurse by our side, constantly ensuring my wife's comfort and that any issue was dealt with quickly. Her ability to instill calmness in my wife was a sight to behold; the tranquility and reassurance she provided were invaluable. I was not quite as helpful...We were particularly impressed with Kirsten's responsiveness. When the unexpected happened in the wee hours of the night, she rushed to the hospital in less than an hour, ready to support us through the process.Kirsten's bedside manner was outstanding, always warm and caring, yet professional. Throughout the pregnancy, she diligently briefed us on what to expect, ensuring we felt prepared and informed every step of the way.In summary, Kirsten's help was extraordinary and her dedication unwavering. We can't recommend her highly enough!


Haley8/2/2023Kirsten is an incredible doula! She was super calm, knowledgeable, and kind with a wonderfully nurturing demeanor. She helped to empower us and inspire confidence to have the natural birth we wanted. She had so many practical resources that assisted us before and during the labor. She has my highest recommendation!


Katie G7/30/2023We absolutely loved working with Kirsten for the births of both of our children.  As a first time IVF mom during a global pandemic, I had a lot of anxiety about my prenatal care and birth.  Kristen was so helpful in navigating and contextualizing options at each step of the process.  She was always so cheerful, upbeat, and knowledgable and so generous with her time to talk through whatever was going on.  I also really apprecated her international perspectives on prenatal care.  It made me feel much more relaxed about everything when I talked to her.  When I got pregnant again, I knew immediately we wanted to work with her again.  It was one of the first pieces we put in place for our second kid, and I'm glad we did!  She was just as great to work with the second time around.  We especially appreciated all her first-hand advice about navigating life with a new baby and a toddler.  My second kid was transverse until about 38 weeks, and she had all sorts of advice and exercises I could do to help him flip head down (and once he did flip with an ECV, stay head down).  She helped me mentally prepare for what we could do if we had needed contingency plans.  She was so calming and helpful. I also appreciated how professional she was at every stage of both our birth experiences.  Because of covid, we were never able to tour either maternity ward where we delivered, and the regulations seemed to change constantly.  Kirsten always knew the latest and greatest.  With our second, she even knew that the hospital did not provide a water bottle in L&D, so we could know to bring our own!  She knew all the medical staff at the hospitals and had a great rapport with them. We loved Kirsten!  I wholeheartely recommend her as a doula!  If we were having more kids (we're done), I would definitely work with her again! 


Iryna7/30/2023Kirsty provided a very kind and calming presence throughout labor and delivery. She continually made helpful suggestions for what positions / activities to try and made sure that I was comfortable. Even though I was a first-time mom, she helped me feel relaxed about the process and confident in a positive outcome. Kirsty integrated seamlessly with the medical staff at the hospital and the nurses loved her. I honestly can’t imagine what my husband and I would have done for all those hours without her guidance!


Brittany Berry7/23/2023There are many things about labor and delivery that you can’t control, but hiring Kirsty is one thing you can and she will not disappoint. Choosing a Doula is a BIG decision. This person is going to be by your side for one of life’s greatest joys and during such a vulnerable time. You want to look back and have fond memories of those in the room with you and I am so glad Kirsty was there for me and my husband. We spoke with several Doulas before Kirsty, and I knew right away that Kirsty would be a great fit. She is a wealth of knowledge and experience and made us feel so comfortable from Day 1. Kirsty was extremely responsive to all questions and concerns leading up to labor and when it came time, she was a key part of my positive birthing experience. She coached us through laboring at home and promptly met us at the hospital around 1:30am and helped us every step of the way. The nurses and our doctor enjoyed working with her so much that she asked for her contact information so that she could refer patients. We still keep in touch and I hope that is true for many years to come. I would definitely have her by my side if we decide to have another. If you’ve read this far, do yourself and your partner a favor and hire Kirsty if you are able to!


Stephanei7/18/2023As a first time mom, I really wanted to have a doula at my birth to support myself and my husband. We interviewed several doulas before deciding on Kirsten - we picked her because she has a lot of experience and we enjoyed our conversation. I enjoyed working with Kirsten - she provided so many resources for me, was very responsive whenever I texted, and I love that she provided a tens unit, which was soooo helpful when my contractions started. At the hospital, Kirsten was very hands on and provided lots of support. I got an epidural and she made sure I was always changing positions every hour, brought me water, and was all around a lot of help to both me and my husband. The nurses also really appreciated her because she was so helpful. We highly recommend Kirsten!


Michelle Nassano7/18/2023We were so grateful we had Kirsten by our side for labor and delivery. She has a very calm energy and in moments of chaos for parents going through this for the first time, was vital in helping us make sense of everything and take the next steps at the right time. She also helped communicate my birth plan with the nurses so that I could deliver the baby the way I had hoped. There were moments where having her there was a relief for me and others where it was a relief for my husband- everybody wins when they hire Kirsten!


Laura M7/17/2023I can't speak highly enough about our experience with Kirsten as our birth doula. Kirsten was recommended to us from another mom who spoke leaps and bounds about how wonderful she was during her pregnancy and birth. We had spoken with 3 other birth doulas prior to talking with Kirsten, and we immediately felt like she was a friend we had known for a long time. She has a generous warmth and kindness to her, wrapped in positive energy and an upbeat spirit. At the same time she has a calming confidence and a thoroughly knowledgeable presence about her - especially as it relates to all things pregnancy and birth.As a soon-to-be first time mom, with a 5 plus year fertility journey that we had gone through to get here, you can imagine how nervous I was to let another person into our highly emotional experience. But I knew my husband and I could use the support navigating both the pregnancy, labor and nervousness around first time parenthood. We were also planning for an unmedicated birth as well, so on a number of levels, we knew doula support was an absolute must for us.Kirsten helped my husband and me through all the fears and anxieties around labor, and through 3 plus days of early labor, 7 hours of active labor and 5 1/2 hours of pushing our 9 lb 8 ounce baby boy into the world. It was no small feat to have that kind of intense labor end with a happy healthy boy, and an incredibly positive, humbling, and meaningful experience that my husband and I cherish as one that brought us closer.We truly can’t recommend Kirsten enough to any person or family looking for a caring, loving, knowledgeable and extremely experienced doula. She exceeded our expectations in every way possible and we feel beyond blessed to have had her help and support during this special time for our family. She continues to be someone we can turn to to this day.


Giulia7/13/2023I am so thankful to have had Kirsten as my doula for the birth of my baby girl! Little went as expected, yet I had a beautiful birth experience, with both me and my husband feeling supported both during labor and after returning home. Having Kirsten there for us was game changing. She helped us through the induction process, was a sounding board when we had to switch to a c-section and helped me a lot during the golden hour after birth. Kirsten was very knowledgeable and sweet. I highly recommend her to any expectant mother. 


Alison Smayo1/11/2022I am so grateful for Kirsty and the support that she provided before, during and after the birth of our baby girl. I would absolutely recommend her to anyone considering a birth doula. She was an incredible help to us during pregnancy. She made herself available and provided great information and resources. I can't imagine going through labor without her. It was so reassuring to both my husband and I to have her there. Her presence allowed my husband to get some breaks while having peace of mind. I was able to fully focus on labor without worrying about when we should leave our home because I knew Kirsty was there to talk through that decision when the time came. She spoke to our midwife on the phone about my progress while I was laboring at home, which my husband and I found hugely helpful and reassuring. She suggested different laboring positions and was there to comfort and encourage me.Kirsty was also a helpful and calming presence once Baby girl came. She was incredibly thoughtful and always looking out for our needs. I was so thankful to have her at the birth center with us in those first hours postpartum.


Jamie12/7/2020Kirsten is a wonderful doula. I had a few unexpected pregnancy events along the way and she was there at every step. We found out baby was breach and decided to do a version. Kirsten was a great source of information and comfort during the procedure. Baby was successfully turned during the version, but flipped back to being breach and we needed to schedule a C-section. I ended up going into labor before the scheduled C-section and things progressed extremely quickly, but Kirsten was at the hospital before I went into the operating room. She was very responsive, kind, and knowledgeable throughout the entire process and I couldn't recommend her more!


Gabriela3/2/2020I would highly recommend Kirsten! She is professional, responsive any time of the day or night and highly knowledgeable. Great advice about breastfeeding and baby care after the baby was born. She truly cares and understands. I am thankful I had her with me on my journey to become a mother.


Liz T.2/15/2020I cannot recommend Kirsten enough as a doula; She is knowledgable, calm and most importantly focused on creating a positive and supportive environment for the arrival of our baby.I was on the fence about hiring a doula and I am so glad I did. Kirsten was a tremendous support to both my husband and me through out the entire labor and delivery process. She was a wonderful source of information, positive reinforcement and calmness that I needed. I would have been more stressed and panicked if I didn’t have her as my doula.Prior the birth of our daughter, Kirsten was exceptionally accommodating to meet with us to make sure we had all the information we needed to create a birth plan that I desired. She helped me mentally prepare for child birth so that I had an understanding of what would happen and what to do through each phase.During early labor, Kirsten help me understand what my body was going through and how to work through the pain. After our baby arrived, Kirsten made sure to check in and make sure we were adjusting to our new life.While my labor didn’t go completely as planned, having Kirsten by my side helped me and my husband with the unexpected. I highly recommend Kirsten and a doula and would work with her again in the future.