DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
13 TESTIMONIALS

Lauren Hulit Bradbury

The Doula Life

Woodland Hills, CA  Service range 30 miles

310.213.2431

http://www.thedoulalife.com

Birth Fee

$2200 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $40

Availability Remarks: Daytime hours between 8am and 8pm

CONTACT LAUREN VIEW LAUREN'S AVAILABILITY

Jen Krentel7/12/2023To all who are considering hiring Lauren,I can’t encourage you enough to work with her. She was my postpartum doula following the birth of my second child. I never had a doula, nor a postpartum doula, for my first pregnancy and birth and I was caught off guard by how emotionally, intellectually, and physically overwhelming it was. When I was pregnant with my second, I resolved to work with someone who could help me do more than just “get through” the postpartum time period but to also really enjoy it.Lauren was everything I could have hoped for. Her demeanor is incredibly professional, she knew the right balance between asking for my direction and observing/anticipating what I needed and simply just stepping in to help.She was efficient at locating and communicating with a lactation specialist when I needed some assistance. She removed what would have been a laborious hunt through the internet to find someone reputable.Every day that she came to my house she maintained a steady focus on my health and well-being by making my favorite tea and snack or pulling together a nutritious and balanced meal for our family. She was also comfortable interacting with my first born if I needed to put all my attention to my infant and I didn’t want my toddler to be left without an adult nearby.She is a great communicator and responded to my texts or phone calls quickly. She knew how to prepare me for days that she might be needed with her other clients as their birth doula. Sometimes she simply held my infant so I could take a much-needed nap.She made me feel taken care of (spoiled even) and when I look back on that period of my life I feel so grateful for it. I was genuinely a happier, more balanced and joyful mom because of her support.Sincerely,Grateful mama of two!


Selena5/31/2023I cannot reccomend Lauren highly enough!! She came to our home and spent over eight hours educating us before our delivery date, and was on call and available via text or call whenever I had questions. She was extremely responsive, empathetic, and understanding of all my first time pregnancy questions. On our delivery date, she helped me even before she arrived at the hospital as I had to make decisions about my epidural before she arrived, so we texted throughout the night. When she arrived, she immediately jumped in and began to help relax my body so we could get fully dialated. She massaged, jiggled, and repositioned me for over eight hours until we were fully dialated, allowing me to nap and relax as she helped my body get ready. This also allowed my husband, who had also been up for two days straight, relax and nap so he could be awake and present for the delivery. I pushed for five hours after all that laboring, and she was by my side the entire time, encouraging me, helping me find my strength, and just being present and helping with everything I or my husband needed. She even helped my husband know what to do next and how to support me in the moment, which was great. I would highly, HIGHLY recommend Lauren to anyone. She was an absolute godsend for our experience.


Sophie5/30/2023Dan and I are so incredibly grateful to have had Lauren as our Doula. It was our first pregnancy and we had to go through IVF, so we were particularly nervous. After multiple doula interviews, Lauren stood out as being incredibly well informed and experienced. I am a statistically driven person and Lauren was there for us with both information and emotional support. From the beginning, she was able to answer so many questions and alleviate our concerns.When I found out the baby was breech in my third trimester, as we got closer to the due date Lauren spent hours on the phone with me as I tried to decide whether to go for a vaginal delivery or schedule a cesarean. She was so supportive of my apprehension with either decision. She came to my ECV procedure, which she wasn’t required to do. And when it failed she was there for me emotionally.I ended up switching doctors at 38 weeks to try for a breech vaginal birth, and we are so thankful to have had Lauren as a constant for the entire pregnancy.In labor, even after being prepared in so many ways I had no idea how to handle contractions, and Lauren knew exactly what to do to help me get through the pain, physically and emotionally. It ended up being a cesarean, which I was strongly against, and Lauren was there for me at every step. She stayed with us through the night for hours after the surgery, and was there for us with texts and phone calls during our postpartum stay.Lauren’s calm demeanor and wealth of information makes her an extraordinary doula, and we were so fortunate to have her with us on this journey.


Cheryl Alonzo4/18/2023My husband and I are so thankful we hired Lauren to be our Doula. She is incredibly knowledgeable. Even though I know a lot about the birth world, I still learned new things from her. If I did have moments of doubt or concern she was always quick to respond and give me peace of mind or a solution. When it came to actually going into labor, Lauren was right there helping me through the parking lot at 4am. Anytime I  needed a hip squeeze, she didn't hesitate to get in there and hold my hips the entire contraction. I absolutely loved the TENS unit she brought and it helped me get through the beginning hours of active labor. Lauren has a way of always being in tune with what's needed and matching the energy of the room. There were times when she was reminding me to slow my breathing and relax through the contractions and other times we were able to just chat and be relaxed. In the end, when I hit transition and could barely eep out a word, she was right there, whether it was making sure I had a vomit bag on hand, bringing me a cool wet cloth when I felt I was overheating, or bringing over a blanket and turning on the heater when I got cold and wanted to lay down. Thanks to Lauren, my husband, and my wonderful midwife, I was able to have the VBAC I dreamed of for the last 6 years. Even postpartum, Lauren came by and made sure to check up about everything I was going through. And I do mean everything! I would absolutely ask Lauren to be my doula again. She has a beautiful way of motivating you and being gentle and caring all at the same time. 


SungHee11/23/2022This review is much overdue. I had my daughter with Lauren in January of 2022. I was her first (successful, yay!) TOLAC/VBAC! It was my second child, but I appreciated all of the advice and handholding especially on D-Day. She even put a personal touch to my birth, being there as the main supporter of my birth while my husband was looking for a sitter to watch over our first kiddo (we had recently moved to LA, and did not have family or close friends to have to watch over our son at odd hours of the night).While I was interviewing doulas to help me get over my traumatic first birth + succeed in my TOLAC goal, I had my mind set on what kind of doula I was looking for (ie must have previous TOLAC experience, should have x number of births under her belt, etc), but she put me at ease over the phone, I forgot about my list and went with my gut and chose her. And I am so happy I did!


Jennifer Leopardi10/24/2022“My husband recommended I interview doulas to have one by my side during labor. Prior to this I did not know what a doula was or that I would really benefit from one. This being my first baby, and his fourth it sounded like the right move. After meeting Lauren for the first time I instantly felt the warmth in her presence and I loved how knowledgeable and excited she was about the birthing process. We met up twice before my labor to go over birthing positions, labor and postpartum. She left me feeling so prepared and confident about my abilities to birth. The day of my labor she showed up to my house around 3 in the morning with all her tools. She stayed by my side through a home transfer that in total lasted 26 hours. I can honestly say I could not have done it without her physical and emotional support. My labor was so intense, and when I felt like I could not keep going I turned to Lauren and the comforting sound of her voice to push through. After going through such a life changing experience together I feel very connected to her. If my daughter decides to be a mommy one day I pray Lauren will be right by her side. If you are considering hiring Lauren, please let this be your sign. She is really the best! Thank you Lauren. Xoxo, Jen Leopardi “


Soleil Farrell10/5/2022It’s hard to find the words to describe the complete calm and safety I felt while in the comfort and care of our doula Lauren. But I will certainly try…I interviewed several doulas, unsure of exactly what I was looking for. After I FaceTimed with Lauren for the first time, I immediately turned to my husband and said “we’re hiring her”. Her calm energy over a simple phone call was exactly what I needed. This was my second birth and I was a little more nervous, since I knew what to expect this time. The “ignorance is bliss” mentality of a first pregnancy wasn’t quite holding me up this time and I felt more doubtful that I could achieve an unmedicated birth again.I went two days past my due date when my water broke. Contractions started immediately and Lauren was at our house shortly after. She filled the room with calm energy, making me and my husband feel so safe and prepared. (Not to mention bringing her life-changing massage tools and tens machine that helped me cope when I didn’t think I could.) My labor was fast and furious, just about 5 hours. I was able to achieve the unmedicated birth I wanted and it was truly perfect. Our daughter burst into our lives as the sweetest surprise, with Lauren by our sides coaching and affirming us as we entered parenthood for the second time.Pregnancy and birth is the most life altering experience I have ever had. To me, it is the most intimate and beautiful thing you can witness. To invite someone into that huge event in your life is a big decision, and we could not be happier that we chose Lauren to join us.She is a part of our story now, a part of our daughters story forever.


Jane Szczepanek6/17/2022I can't say enough good things about having Lauren as our Doula! I had a few interviews lined up, but our first was with her. We canceled the others and booked her right away as we felt an immediate connection. Not only is she professional and down to earth, but she was supportive of our plans for an unmedicated hospital birth. I felt she was on the same page with me as I went through my education of becoming a first time mom. She is very knowledgeable on a wide range of topics and I believe she would be a wonderful support to anyone no matter their desires for their birth. She helped us through pregnancy, and when the time came she showed up to help me labor at home at 1AM and throughout my 24+ hours until the birth of our daughter at the hospital. She not only supported me mentally, emotionally, and physically......she was there for my husband as well. We highly recommended including Lauren as part of your birth team!


Rachel4/30/2022I hired Lauren for doula services for my first time birth at a birthing center. Given this was my first time giving birth, I had no idea exactly how it would feel and how hard it would be. Lauren was a savior throughout this experience. She was so supportive and coached me through labor. My baby was sideways with a hand by her face too. Lauren helped guide me in extreme moments where I truly had no idea what to do or how my body could handle it. I really feel without her support that day, I would have not succeeded in a natural home birth. She was flexible with my hectic schedule too and really knew so much about everything involved with having a baby. Can't say enough good things about my experience with Lauren. I would hire her again in a second!


Tiare Garcia11/15/2021I found Lauren through a mutual friend and I am so happy we were connected! My first pregnancy and postpartum journey in 2013 was traumatic for me and wasn’t what I envisioned at all. This time around I knew that I wanted to have more support in order to have the natural birth that I’ve dreamed of. I began my journey with Lauren at 34 weeks. Although we didn’t have a ton of time to work with, she managed to prepare us for labor. Both my husband and I felt instantly comfortable and connected with her! She taught us a lot of pain management techniques, gave us affirmation cards and lent us some things we would need when the time came. She also taught us a lot about the birthing process and helped us understand what my body would be going through during labor.I went into active labor and labored at home with my husband for an hour. My contractions picked up and my husband reached out to Lauren. She got to us right away and helped me labor at home for about an hour, hour and a half. My water broke and off we went to our birthing center. She rode with us there and helped me and husband feel safe and manage my pain as much as we could during the ride. At the birthing center things moved really quickly and she helped fill in my midwives on how my labor had progressed and of course she had all of the information! Although my labor was painful, I felt safe and taken care of the entire time. I believe this is why I was able to have a quick and successful birth! She was so kind to take photos during and after my birth. I am so grateful to have those memories on camera! She came to visit us a few days after my baby girls birth to check in on us and I really appreciated that. We felt so supported! Lauren also encapsulated my placenta, created a tincture with my placenta and gave us memorable gifts.Lauren helped us have the birth I dreamed of. It was perfect!


Erika11/6/2019Being my first pregnancy and knowing nothing about the labor/delivery process, I knew I wanted to hire a doula to help encourage both my husband and I along the way.  Upon meeting Lauren, I knew picked the right one.  I expressed that I wanted a natural hospital birth and Lauren educated me on ways to make that happen. I am very unfamiliar with hospital routines and practices so she went over any and everything with me. She assisted in creating a birth plan and helped me gain confidence as I approached labor.  She graciously lent my husband and I childbirth/breast feeding books and anytime I had a question, she was quick with an answer.  Now, my birth didn't go as plan - I was two weeks early and it went super fast.  I went to the hospital in the middle of the night being 1 cm dilated.  After talking to the nurses and to Lauren, we decided to all try to get rest to gear up for what I thought would be a long day of labor.  Well, I progressed much faster than anyone could anticipate so we texted Lauren to head to the hospital.  I quickly got to 10 cm and as she was hurrying to join us, my son arrived!  But, my husband and I felt prepared as we utilized the breathing techniques and coping skills Lauren taught us.  Post labor, Lauren helped transition us to the postpartum room and helped with initial breastfeeding.  We had two postpartum follow up meetings with her, which helped tremendously.  Being a first time mom, I was overwhelmed with so many emotions and I was struggling to breastfeed. Lauren listened as I cried and gave me so much encouragement that I desperately needed.  It's clear to see that Lauren is professional, knowledgable, and passionate about helping others.  She's understanding, kind and is just a genuine, good person.  I will forever sing her praises


Ian Harbilas1/24/2018From the very first moment Lauren gave us a strong positive feeling. Her personality exudes nothing but a kind and sweet demeanor, traits that work to her advantage when labor progresses. We knew right away we wanted her to be a part of our team.Lauren has depth of knowledge to the entire birthing process. We knew if there were any questions we had along the way she would be able to answer them. She helped us with the last preparations in the final weeks of pregnancy, getting the birth plan in place, learning several comfort measures, sharing videos and audio of lessons to be learned, working to get a post partum plan in place. She did a lot of research to help us make our tough decisions.On the night the contractions began we contacted Lauren at midnight, and she offered to come over right away. She spent an entire day with us at home for the early stages of labor, applying all the comfort measures, preparing us food, timing contractions and walking us through the proper breathing. She made the beginning stages go as smoothly and effortlessly as they could. And once we went to the hospital she was even more helpful, bridging the gap between the hospital staff and us, encouraging us to ask questions and communicate, and helping us make sure our birth plan was respected. And that proved to be such an asset. We were allowed to focus on the birth of our son because we knew Lauren covered everything else. When the labor got more intense, Lauren got more peaceful and calm. She made us feel safe and stable and supported. In the last moments as our son was coming she was that extra voice for us with the staff, the extra camera taking pictures, the extra encouragement to push.In short, Lauren was indispensible. We are so grateful to have had her with us for the birth of our son and we couldn’t recommend her more to anyone considering her as their doula.


Brittany Baskin7/24/2017“Lauren was amazing through my pregnancy, she helped me pick the right birthing plan for me and guided me through the labor. I couldn’t have done it without her.As a first time mom she really helped me understanding the birthing process. I was induced and she helped me feel well informed about the procedures involved with the induction. It was a long process, and at times I felt discouraged but she was right there to encourage be that I was doing a great job. My husband wasn’t able to be present for the birth so Lauren’s support was truly invaluable to me. I ended up with the vaginal birth I wanted and she even held the phone so my husband could be on speaker while our son was born! Lauren’s sensitivity and depth of knowledge about birth made her an excellent choice as a doula for my family.”