DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
6 TESTIMONIALS

Laurel Krapivkin

Laurel Krapivkin, Birth & Postpartum Doula

Chula Vista, CA  Service range 85 miles

http://laurelkdoula.com

Birth Fee

$1500

Postpartum Rate

$45

CONTACT LAUREL VIEW LAUREL'S AVAILABILITY

Anna Christina2/8/2023I found Laurel through the Birthing Advocacy Doula Trainings (BADT) website. It was really important to me to have a doula who shared my values surrounding reproductive justice and inclusivity. From our first meeting, a zoom interview to determine compatibility, I knew I had found that in Laurel. I had planned a low intervention birth center birth, which Laurel fully supported and helped my partner and me realize our expectations. She arrived at the birth center while I was in active labor, as expected - we thought I would give birth shortly after, but she ended up spending a whopping 20 hours with us when my labor stalled and I needed a C-section! She was a trooper. Her guidance and assistance during the craziest 20 hours of our lives was worth every single penny and more. 


Sarah Giannini1/22/2023I was so grateful to have Laurel as my doula! She was very understanding and open to doing birth the way I wanted to. She tried to get to know me and my husband so she could provide the best support during birth. I love how she always put my needs and vision first. I unfortunately found out my baby was breech late in my pregnancy and Laurel met with me, showed me spinning baby techniques and provided great references to body balancing specialists, chiropractors, acupuncturists and more. She would text me when I needed her and always set up time on the phone as well. She was a great coach throughout the process, providing articles and research to help me make educated decisions. I ended up having a c-section and Laurel came to the hospital to help postpartum and to help with my baby's latch. She was an advocate for me in the hospital when I needed one. Highly recommend having Laurel as your doula! 


Leah11/13/2022Laurel is so knowledgeable, kind, warm, empowering, encouraging and funny! My husband and I were so thankful for her hands on support before, during and postpartum for us and our families. She helped me have grace with myself and be as prepared and comfortable as possible; I can't recommend her enough! 


Ali C.10/5/2022My husband and I were expecting our first child in and hoped to find a doula to support us through the many facets of pregnancy, labor and delivery.After conducting several interviews with local Doulas, we hired Laurel early on in the pregnancy.  We felt such a strong and immediate connection to Laurel and really aligned with her outlook and approach to birth.  Laurel really took the time to get to know us and understand what we wanted our pregnancy, labor, and birth to look like.Being first time parents, it was so valuable to have her guide us through the many options we had available as well as back up plans and preferences should we need them.  It prompted discussions between my husband and I that we otherwise wouldn't have had and made us so much more knowledgeable and confident in our decisions.  We loved that Laurel never imposed her views, but rather always offered us evidence based information for each decision so that we could make informed choices.Beyond her incredible support during the pregnancy, I can honestly say I would not have had the unmedicated labor and birth experience I wanted without her there during our labor.  Laurel arrived around hour 7 of my 22 hour labor and helped both my husband and I through every contraction and every moment of doubt with physical, mental, and emotional support.  She was able to guide us through some tough moments and always had a plan in place to help me keep going. In the end, our birth didn't go as planned as we ended up having an unexpected homebirth.  The situation could have felt scary and out of control but it was the exact opposite because of the calm, supportive, professional way in which Laurel guided us through.  It was the most beautiful and powerful experience of our lives and we truly credit Laurel in a major way for being there every step of the way and making that positive birth experience possible.


Curtis N1/4/2022My wife and I had our first baby with Laurel as our birth doula, and she was an integral part of our story.Laurel’s background is in academia and education and these are clearly the passions that drive her work as a doula. Laurel clearly spent time researching particular assets of our childbirth experience and came equipped with relevant information to our sessions; including studies, research, articles, videos, etc.Laurel was also very inclusive and available to me (the birth partner) which was meaningful for my first child, and as a person who wanted to participate in and help with the things my wife (and baby) were going through. I also felt like Laurel was participating in the process with me, more like a partner instead of a leader.It is obvious Laurel is committed to thoughtful research, education, inclusivity and a willingness to participate and be available to birth-givers. 5/5 stars!  


Emma N1/4/2022I was hesitant to search for a doula because I didn’t think I would be able to find a match. I wanted someone that was knowledgeable yet not condescending, honest about my birth options yet not pushy and most importantly, someone that I could trust enough to be present at the most vulnerable and special moment of my life—Laurel was just that!She was a true advocate during my 20 hour birth experience. She asked the questions to the medical staff that I was too tired to ask and helped with my positioning when my baby wouldn’t descend. When I was faced with difficult choices related to a slowing fetal heart rate, I used the information she had shared with my partner and I during our prenatal meetings to make the best choices for my family and she cheered me on while she held my hand (or leg) when I felt like I couldn’t push any more. My birth experience was truly made so much better by having Laurel as my doula—I can’t thank her enough!