DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
8 TESTIMONIALS

Laura Bowman

VESSEL doula

Cardiff By The Sea, CA  Service range 40 miles

7608091642

https://vesseldoula.com

Birth Fee

$1700 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $50

CONTACT LAURA VIEW LAURA'S AVAILABILITY

Abby and Karrington Chaney3/15/2023We loved our experience with Laura and couldn't imagine labor/birth without her support! We connected with Laura right away the first time we met. She was dedicated to ensuring my needs were met before and during labor. She is knowledgeable and experienced. I gained access to great resources, including a mother support group through Laura and her doula partner, Ginger. I am grateful I chose Laura to be my doula! 


Jenny White1/4/2023I am so grateful to have met and gotten to be cared for by Laura! She is warm, caring, knowledgeable, and her presence is incredibly peaceful. My husband and I hired her for our planned homebirth. She always made herself available whenever I had questions or needed to talk. Laura came and supported me while I labored at home (for a LONG time!) and continued to support us as I had to transfer to the hospital. She stayed overnight and helped keep me calm & comfortable. Not only is she an amazing doula, but I can also say she has become an amazing friend. Laura, you are such a blessing and it's so special to see you fulfilling God's purpose for you!


Lauren Taborda9/4/2022When I was pregnant with my first baby I wanted to pursue a natural birth. To accomplish my goal I knew I needed an experienced team to guide me through this endeavour mentally and phyiscally. When I met Laura I was immediately at ease, her sense of calm gave me confidence. She reviewed my personal goals, what to expect at home, in the hospital and and at home. She even went through my postpartum box with me!:) At my 34 week check-up our son was frank breech and my obgyn scheduled me for a c-section. Laura helped me research spinning babies, chiropractic care, natural breech births, positive affirmations, youtube videos and much more to try and get my son to turn. At 38 weeks, I chose to move forward with my scheduled c-section when our son was still frank breech. Laura was always postitive and supported me in whatever decision made me feel most comfortable. Day or night I knew Laura was there to support me!Postpartum, Laura was amazing at following up and ensuring mama and baby had everything they needed. From sleep, food, breastfeeding, diaper rashes, you name it...Laura was willing to help!Pregnancy, Birth and Postpartum are each very personal experiences. Make sure you have the right team supporting YOU! I can't say enough good things about Laura and her team!   


Amelia9/2/2022Laura is a very understanding and empathetic doula. My labor and delivery story had a lot of changes along the way that needed quick desicion-making; it was helpful to have her to bounce ideas off of. She listens well and helped me feel empowered throughout the process. She also has a good sence of humor and lightens up even hard/scary moments. She was also able to provide us with some postpartum care as well that was really helpful especially in those early days. Thank you Laura, we are so glad to have you as part of our story! 


Hailey Snyder8/7/2022Laura is fantastic! I have nothing bad to say about her. She helped out tremendously & answered any and all questions we had from start to finish. Even now after having our daughter, she still stays in contact to see how we're doing and loves getting updates. Laura was there for us from the start of contractions (she was here at 1am to help) until the end. She offered, massages, words of encouragement, and a lot more. Laura has many years of experience and kids of her own so that definitely helped ease any worries I had through out the process. If I could have her travel with me when we have more kids in the future to be there to help deliver, I totally would! Such a supportive, loving & caring doula! Thank you Laura for everything! 


Roxana Gutierrez9/14/2021I want to give our sincere thanks to Laura for doing such an outstanding job. She arrived the day of labor in the hospital and from the get-go, she was so helpful, from offering advice when we reached crucial junctures, to moral support when it was time to push or make other decisions during labor. When our labor period was extended, she stayed with us throughout the night to ensure that we weren't alone and that we had someone experienced and poised in our corner. After the baby was delivered healthy and safe, Laura continued to maintain contact in the days afterward to make sure everything was OK. We would definitely recommend Laura to any parent looking for an experienced, personable doula—especially for those giving birth for the very first time like we were.


Alyssa Fiscus8/4/2021When I was 7 months pregnant, I decided I wanted to give natural birth a go; I came to this website since I knew I wanted a private Doula for both home laboring and the hospital delivery. When I called Laura the first time she answered right away and spent over 30 minutes getting to know me and asking all the right questions. After that conversation, I knew I didn't need to interview anyone else - I felt so comfortable.On our first visit, Laura brought another Doula from her cohort to make sure if she wasn't available for our delivery, that someone would be and we would also get along with them. We went over our birth plan, packing our hospital bags, and preparing for postpartum recovery. In the weeks following the first visit, Laura kept in close contact and sent so many resources to me.I ended up being induced instead of going into labor naturally so I did not labor at home at all. Before the induction, Laura discussed the emotions around the process with me and made sure I was comfortable with everything. When the day came, she was there at the hospital with us supporting the whole time. She helped support me and my husband through 15.5 hours of unmedicated labor. She was amazing with the support, suggesting different laboring positions and coaching my husband through supporting me. When I did ultimately decide to go with the epidural (after making only 2cm of progress with no breaks between contractions) she was fully supportive. She made me feel confident that I could get through anything, but also supported when I made a decision that I was trying to avoid.After I delivered, having Laura there was a true godsend. I had a rough time with meds and was unable to hold my new baby. While my husband was being rushed into packing, Laura took the wheel and helped with caring for our babe. I'm so thankful she was there for us! I will have her again at our next child's birth in a heartbeat!


Laura M6/30/2021We feel so fortunate to have found Laura to help us with the birth of our second child. Before the birth we met with Laura and her partner Kari, and they talked through with us our goals and expectations of the birth including all questions and concerns we had. We connected with both Laura and Kari right away and felt very supported. It was a comfort to know that if Laura wasn’t available for any reason that Kari would be available. Before the birth they were both in contact with me to answer my questions and they checked in with me frequently, which I greatly appreciated.I don’t know what I would have done without Laura the day of the birth. She helped me through a long labor with intense back pain using massage and oils. She was the positive, encouraging, and calm presence that I needed to get through it. She helped me and my husband by talking through with us the many decisions to be made during a hospital birth.Now postpartum Laura has continued to be a great resource and help to our family. As a mom herself I appreciate Laura’s knowledge and experience. She’s helped us with many things since we’ve been home including breastfeeding, baby wearing, with meals and nutrition advice, and in helping our first child with the changes a new baby brings. I highly recommend Laura’s Doula services to anyone!