DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
16 TESTIMONIALS

Linda Collet

LittleGmaDoula

Moorpark, CA  Service range 50 miles  none

805-490-6266

http://lilgmadoula.com

Birth Fee

$3000 to $3500

CONTACT LINDA VIEW LINDA'S AVAILABILITY

Barry Forbes7/14/2019Saying that we're happy we worked with Linda just simply sounds too impersonal to be appropriate.  Yes, of course we're happy, but it's more than that.  We feel blessed that we had the good fortune to work with Linda through the biologically bewildering, life-altering experience of bringing our beautiful son into the world.  From the moment we started our relationship it was clear that Linda was building a sincere connection to us that would be instrumental in her role as guide on what would be quite the journey.  Many of Linda's qualities have been eloquently pointed out by others on her testimonials page.  These resonate with our experience completely.  She has a wonderful, motherly energy.  She's compassionate but also doesn't simply placate any paranoia.  She has an immense amount of experience with a well-honed intuition.  She's generous with her time, flexible, open, etc...we could go on and on but then we wouldn't stop!  There is one additional quality we really feel like calling out, however, because it was important for us:  Linda thoroughly understands the importance and value of the medical profession and its critical role in keeping mother and baby safe.  She does this while still adding the kinds of techniques and approaches you may not learn about from a hospital.  This was the perfect balance for us: neither completely hippy-dippy nor hospital cold.Lastly, we'd say to anyone considering hiring a Doula that having someone with Linda's knowledge and calm-under-pressure could very well end up making all the difference in a birth that doesn't go exactly according to your plan (and they rarely do!).  For us, we ended up with an emergency C-section and a lead up to it that looked nothing like what we had "expected."  And being able to have a partner through that chaos that could help us understand what was happening and why was immensely valuable.  


Rosa Azu9/26/2017I really don't have words to describe how incredible Linda was throughout my pregnancy and labor. Initially I considered not having a doula because I had already given birth once before but I came to understand that every birth is different and I was so glad to have her by my side every step of the way. Linda took her time listening to my concerns and spending time with my husband during prenatal prep such as diet and exercise. She came into the picture late in my pregnancy but made every visit count. You could tell she was genuinely passionate about what she does and most importantly knowledgeable. Her background in physical therapy really came in handy before, during and after labor. During the labor she made all the right calls to help me progress. She worked hand in hand with my midwife (if not more than the midwife) to suggest position modifications to get my contractions going. At one point she suggested going for a walk and that really helped the baby move into the best position. She coached my husband and helped me stay focused until our baby boy came into the world. Linda was truly amazing and I will forever be grateful that she was by my side. Without her I feel the outcome would have been different perhaps not what I would have wanted. Thanks Linda! You're a gift to the women that you serve.


Lindsey Salazar7/24/2017Linda was so amazing to have by our side. Not only did she guide us and listen to our wants and needs, she let us into her home where I labored for quite some time until she gave us the green light to head to UCLA. I really do not know what we would have done without her. As first time parents we had no idea when to leave for the hospital, what questions to ask or what to be prepared for in general. She was our saving grace. I would highly recommend Linda to anypne in search of a Doula. Especially first time moms! Thank you Linda for your help and guidance!


Talia Schneiderman6/7/2017From the first day we hired Linda to be our doula, she became a part of our family. I had envisioned a nonmedicated, vaginal birth for the birth of our daughter. We did everything to prepare, and Linda was by our side every step of the way. My baby had a different vision, and her "story" was a 62-hour labor that ended in a c section. Linda was by our side the entire time, and I wouldn't have had it any other way. She was caring for me in every way imaginable, while simultaneously encouraging my husband, advocating for us with the medical staff, managing family members, and so much more! At the end of it all my ob said that she is hands down the best doula she's ever worked with, and that's saying a lot considering how long she’s been in the profession. I couldn't recommend Linda higher enough and look forward to working with her when baby #2 comes around.


Sarita Ramirez2/14/2017I was determined to go through a natural labor and delivery without any pain medication and I felt that in order to stay the course in a hospital with a 95% epidural rate, I was in need of some professional support.  My husband and I didn't know exactly what we were looking for when we began our search for a doula but when we met Linda we both knew without having to consult each other afterward that she was it!  She is warm and caring and dedicated to the families she works with and that is apparent immediately when you meet her.  Not only was she soothing and comforting to me throughout my whole experience, but she was an amazing coach to my husband, helping him reach his full potential as a birthing partner. She has the ability to read into a situation and figure out how best to offer support in that given moment.  Her knowledge of the birthing process was so helpful in guiding me to focus on allowing my body to open. She was consistently present, in every sense of the word, which allowed me to feel comfortable when I "checked out" as labor progressed, knowing she was there to advocate for me.  It was her kind but firm manner when working with the hospital staff that helped me achieve the birth experience I was hoping for.  She was so competent that the staff felt comfortable enough to leave us alone to labor with minimal intrusion.  When my son finally arrived she was even involved in pointing out some breathing issues to the staff, resulting in them suctioning out quite a bit of fluid from his lungs.  Sadly, he spent a week in NICU recovering from a lung infection and she was amazingly supportive throughout that trying time as well.  We will always be grateful for her help and hope that she will be available to help us welcome any future children we have!  I couldn't recommend her more highly.


sonya schwartz12/8/2016I am so grateful to know Linda and honored to have shared my birth experience with her.  After interviewing a handful of doulas and not having much luck with one that felt like the right match, I met Linda through a recommendation from my Hypnobirthing teacher, Alisha Tambouri.  I cannot express how lucky we were to have found her!  In addition to her compassionate and motherly ways, Linda has an innate ability to tune into her clients' needs, especially during a time when an expectant mother could not advocate for herself.  I had a very long labor (30 hrs) and Linda was there to support me every step of the way (I should mention it was her birthday too!)  She was a great support for my husband as well and filled in where he could not.  What I appreciate most from Linda, in addition to her great skill as a birth support doula, is her ability to be real with a healthy amount of wholesome humor ;)  During a time of great intensity, her spirit added a joy and lightness that helped to ease the laboring process.  I will miss her hilarious jokes and look forward to having her around for baby number 2!  Anyone can become a certified doula, but not everyone is a natural.  Thank you, Linda!  Jason and I are so happy we chose you as our doula!  We look forward to seeing you again soon.  Lots of love to you and your family.  XO


Kelly Blanco12/8/2016I can't say enough about how amazing linda is. When I got pregnant with my second child I knew right away I wanted to try and have a VBAC. I searched and searched until I found linda. When my husband and I met her for the first time I loved her vibe and her honesty. Every time I had a question or was doubting myself she always reassured me that I could do this. She went with me to some appointments and to check out labor and delivery. Linda had so much good information about birth that I felt so comfortable and relieved that I was going to have that support during my labor. I was scared because they had given me a time frame to start labor on my own since I was going for a VBAC. Linda gave me so many ideas to start labor and sure enough I started labor on my own on a Wednesday night and had my baby on Friday evening. This was my first time my body was going to labor and I was excited but scared. When we checked in to the hospital linda arrived a hour later. With each contraction getting stronger linda was there to help me get through them. Everything was going fine until I stopped progressing and was stuck at four centimeters for six hours. My plan was to have a natural birth but this baby had other plans. Linda made it so easy to understand what was happening and that sometimes plans change. Every step of the way she reassured me and was so supportive. Linda has a way of explaining things that made me feel comfortable. When it was time to push she gave me that strength that I needed at that moment. I had a successful VBAC and my baby was born at 6:37pm. Linda stayed with me after the birth to make sure the baby was latching onto my breast even though she had been there for so long. I couldn't imagine doing this without her. Thank you so much Linda for your love and care!


Elisa Lenox11/28/2016Linda has been such an amazing asset during my pregnancy, our son's birth and beyond. Early in my pregnancy, when I brought up the idea of hiring a doula to my husband, it was such a foreign concept to him that he was hard to convince of the value of such an investment. Now however, he is Linda's greatest advocate and swears that he wouldn't have wanted to go through our son's birth without her. She is as much a doula for the father as she is for the mother and baby. During the prenatal visits, she provided incredible assistance, information and ideas for us to consider in preparation of our son's arrival. She was an endless source of support and reassuring, positive, calm energy during my rather long labor, proving to be instrumental in helping us to end up with a beautiful birth experience, especially considering the medical complications that arose during my son's birth. She worked so well with my doctor, the nurses and staff at the hospital, that my husband and I truly feel that she was an integral part of the team that worked together to safely deliver our beautiful boy. A couple of weeks postpartum, when I encountered some trouble with breastfeeding, Linda was right there again with her amazing support and guidance that helped me to continue feeding my son without pain and with increased confidence. From the moment that we met her, Linda has worked to make sure that we felt empowered during our son's birth and even beyond in our role as new parents. She is a kind, gentle spirit and a knowledgeable professional who is deeply committed to the well being of the families in her care. The kind of care and assistance that she provides is simply priceless and her doula services are a wise investment in a smoother, less stressful and more joyful birth experience.


Tiffany Peters11/7/2016I can't recommend Linda enough!  My husband and I liked her immediately!  She has a very easy going, likeable, calm demeanor.  I can tell you this really comes in handy at the hospital.  She is great at working with the doctor/hospital staff and is an excellent advocate for the patient.  My husband and I would have been lost without her guidance and support through the birth process.  I was trying for a VBAC and knew I wanted a doula and found the perfect fit with Linda.  I am confident that she is a big part of why I was able to be successful!  She really helped to guide my husband to provide support during labor and allowed him to be a much more active part of the process.  She also helped to keep me focused and calm.I was so happy with my birth experience and I know Linda was a big part of this.  Do yourself a favor and hire her :)


Ashley Smith10/19/2016Linda was our doula for the birth of our first child, Everly, of in the middle of September of 2016. She is WONDERFUL!!! Even having read glowing reviews of how doulas really made a huge difference in the birthing experience I didn't know how much or how little to expect. But every time we spoke she would calm my fears, answer my questions and provide literature to help me understand everything much better. The prep made me feel more empowered and more calm going in.On the day I was induced (I chose it), Linda showed up bright and early and was there for my 22 hour labor and delivery. I have to say she helped SO MUCH to keep me comfortable and calm. Before I was in labor, my husband didn't really understand what her role would be but afterwa he shared that he didn't know what he would've done without her. She had me try various positions, used massage and counter pressure, reminded me to eat and drink, worked with my doctor to come up with the best Solutions and so much more I'm sure that I've forgotten.she also checked up on us post partum to be sure we were doing okay and help resolve issues we were facing. f you're thinking of hiring a doula, I can't recommend her enough! Just do it!


Ashley Smith10/19/2016Linda was our doula for the birth of our first child, Everly, of in the middle of September of 2016. She is WONDERFUL!!! Even having read glowing reviews of how doulas really made a huge difference in the birthing experience I didn't know how much or how little to expect. But every time we spoke she would calm my fears, answer my questions and provide literature to help me understand everything much better. The prep made me feel more empowered and more calm going in.On the day I was induced (I chose it), Linda showed up bright and early and was there for my 22 hour labor and delivery. I have to say she helped SO MUCH to keep me comfortable and calm. Before I was in labor, my husband didn't really understand what her role would be but afterwa he shared that he didn't know what he would've done without her. She had me try various positions, used massage and counter pressure, reminded me to eat and drink, worked with my doctor to come up with the best Solutions and so much more I'm sure that I've forgotten.she also checked up on us post partum to be sure we were doing okay and help resolve issues we were facing. f you're thinking of hiring a doula, I can't recommend her enough! Just do it!


Caroline Toth9/20/2016Linda is the best! She was there for the birth of my first child in June of 2016. She was so kind and nurturing and absolutely everything we needed during our birth. She was present and persistent with my needs, my husbands needs and my baby's needs from labor to postpartum visits. I 100% recommend and would 100% request her for a second birth. We love you Linda! We really could not have done this without you!


Martha C7/12/2016This was my first birth, and my partner and I both feel like Linda was a very important part of the experience, we couldn't have done it without her. She knew how to guide and direct us all throughout, she kept us informed on our options, and helped us bare with the different challenges that came up throughout the process. Before I gave birth she knew how to help prepare me, and when I was giving birth she knew how to support me. She established a safe protected place for us to do what we had to birth. She can take comand of a situation in a vary friendly positive way to get you and staff to work as a team if you birth at a hospital like we did. She's very gentle, strong, and informed. If I ever birth again we will know who to go to.


Jasmine Garner7/2/2016I originaly did not hire Linda, I hired another lovely doula who was still getting certifiied. Linda met my doula through a doula group and when she heard of my difficult history (emergency C and VBAC stillborn twins) and current situation felt inclined to offer her assistance since my doula was still learning and Linda likely had some experiences to draw from. When I passed my due date and was not dilated or effaced at all I reached out to a moms group on FB for advise to encourage progress. Linda saw my post and realized I was the woman whom she had heard about. She contacted me and that same night walked me through breathing technique on the phone and was a wealth of information. She told me of her communications with my doula and that she would be happy to assist at the time of labor. I was immediately comforted knowing that she would be there for me. I went to 42 weeks and Linda was there for me every step of the way. Lots happened but I'll flash forward.DAY OF:by around 7am i was ready to go to the dr, i was in labor and contractions were about 5min apart. I had called my doula twice and sent texts and had no response from her so i called Linda and she was at the hospital in 15 min. We labored in the hallway for a bit. She showed be how to successfully breathe and deal with my contractions and the pain. She was such a necessary force to have.  My dr was away and the on-call dr refused to perform a VBAC after 41 weeks. when he informed me of this it broke my spirit, So much so that my labor slowed to 20 min apart. Linda found out that we could transfer somewhere else to VBAC so we did. We signed out and went to UCLA to finish laboring. Linda filled every gap but did not overstep. She took charge when needed and backed off when appropriate. Thanks to her I was able to have my VBAC and my son and i emerged glowing, happy and healthy. She will always have a special place in our hearts. My mom and husband loved her too. I couldnt recommend her more.


Kacy Ku6/28/2016My husband and I were both very busy with work and life in general during my pregnancy. As I entered the third trimester and was getting closer and closer to the due date we had still not taken any birthing classes…Thankfully we met Linda and she was available! I would not and could not have had the birthing experience that I had without her. She is AMAZING. I am so thankful and lucky! I describe my birthing experience to others as exciting, memorable and empowering, thanks to Linda! Linda was a great support to not only me, but also to my husband, sister, family and the staff that was delivering my baby; we made a great team. She encouraged me every step of the way during labor. She coached me on how to breathe & relax. She was knowledgeable, fun to be around and was available for my husband in every way. Even after my baby was born she stayed with us to make sure we got to our room—trust me, it had been a long day! Oh, and it was Mother’s Day! She loves to mother the new mother to be, she goes out of her way to provide incredible service & support. I am so thankful for her and how she cared for me, my husband and my new baby. Linda was the best decision we made during my pregnancy! Can’t wait for more babies!


TIffany Jones6/28/2016After attending our birth class at Kaiser we were convinced we needed a doula. I knew both my husband and myself would need that extra encouragement and support that a doula provides. What I didn't know is how vital a role Linda would play in our prenatal, labor, delivery, and postnatal experiences. To call her simply a doula is minimizing the impact she has made on our hearts. From the first time we spoke she made me feel confident, strong, and more than able to tackle the labor and delivery process. She is well knowledged in hypno-birthing, visualization, labor comfort tools, and beyond all the buzz words is well knowledged in life experiences. That is what really drew me and my husband to Linda. Opening up to a stranger for such an intimate experience seems like it could be uncomfortable but from the first time I spoke with Linda I knew she had to be part of our lives and part of "my" labor and delivery process. She was always available by phone and text and believe me I asked a million questions. It was extremely calming to know I could reach her whenever and she always made me feel important. She arrived at the hospital exactly when asked and brought a ray of sunshine with her. That's the thing about Linda, she possess this glow that makes you feel comforted, strong, and cared for, which is exactly what I needed in my birth process. She was amazing with the staff. She knew how to speak with them and how to communicate their concerns with me in ways I would understand. One nurse even thought she was my mom!!!! That's how caring of a role she provided to me. Any woman would be lucky to have Linda at their labor and delivery.