DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
24 TESTIMONIALS

Liza Ozkay

Doulas of Marin

Corte Madera, CA  Service range 20 miles

https://www.doulasofmarin.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2200

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $60

CONTACT LIZA VIEW LIZA'S AVAILABILITY

Olivia1/5/2023We had the absolute pleasure of having Liza as our night doula for 4 nights while our son was 2 months old. She came highly recommended by a few friends in the area and we were desperate for some nighttime support. It doesn't exacntly feel easy or comfortable to welcome a new person into your home during such a fragile and emotional state (2 months postpartum as a first time Mom), but Liza instantly made my husband and I feel at ease. She was calm, relaxed, a great listener, confident, and just generally very easy to be around. I felt very confident with her in our home and my son responded really well to her - she's clearly a natural caretaker, loving and attuned to the different needs of children and their stressed out, sleep deprived parents. She's a great communicator who responds really quicky to messages, which I also really appreciated. Finally, she shared very detailed notes and recommendations after her nights, even going above and beyond to create sample daily schedules/routines for us to try. I honestly still refer back to those messages, 18 months later. I will not forget how relieved, comfortable and safe I felt with Liza supporting my family and would highly recommend her to anyone in need of doula services.  


Alexandra1/5/2023Liza is an angel! She goes above and beyond caring for your newborn! She cares for the mom, the baby, the house, and all while feeling like a friend you've had for years. She's thoughtful, sympathetic, knowledgeable, and trustworthy- everything you'd want while in the trenches of newborn parenting. 


Rosaline8/17/2021Liza was such a godsend for our family! As first time parents during a pandemic, it was wonderful having Liza help with our little one. She anticipated our infant's needs and mama's! Liza is professional, COVID-conscious, patient and such a wealth of knowledge when it comes to childcare. She helped us understand sleeping patterns/naps and cues, tended to all the bottle washing/sterilizing, baby laundry... And offered great breastfeeding advice as well. I would not hesitate to hire her again - in fact I wish I could as a nanny! 


Cassie6/12/2021Liza is absolutely amazing. She truly is a baby whisperer and I don't know what I would have done without her help. She helped me with my newborn for the first 3 months of his life. My son was always happy in her arms and she was so sweet with him. She is always a tremendous help with all things baby related and a sounding board for new moms. I loved having Liza around and we miss her dearly! 


Alison P6/11/2021Hiring Liza was possibly the best baby-related decision we made. She cared for our daughter, me, and our family during a very vulnerable and challenging time.Despite spending readings dozens of books on baby development, we were ill-equipped for our screaming bundle of joy. Liza was a breath of fresh air amongst the chaos. We looked forward to the nights when she would come, knowing she would be able to identify and ameliorate the cause of any discomfort...and provide my husband and me with an opportunity to cuddle together and have a great night's sleep. She brings an analytical mind and passion to her work. As a new mother, it was comforting and helpful to have Liza share her observations and thoughts without judgment. Liza can help with all situations. Some of the topics that stand out where she was especially helpful include breast/bottle feeding, sleep education, diapering, dealing with postpartum anxiety.  I am a better mother because of Liza. She's expensive but 100% worth it. 


Simon Buchwalter2/9/2021I highly recommend working with Liza. We worked with her for the first few weeks of our sons life and had a fantastic experience. From the moment she walked in the door, we felt so at ease. The extra sleep I received during her care was invaluable, and she also helped to give us many tips on how to make our transition easier. Only wish we had more time with her! 


Matt2/7/2021Liza is an outstanding night doula who helped my wife and I get precious sleep in the first few weeks after our daughter was born, and then helped us again with sleep training when our daughter was 6 months old. Liza was an outstanding caregiver to our child during her visits. She knew how to soothe our daughter to stop crying and was also able to teach my wife and I (new parents) how to help her sleep through the night. We can't thank Liza enough for helping us become better parents to our daughter and would highly recommend her services to any parent looking to get a better night's sleep with their newborn!


Malori Evans1/24/2021We hired Liza after my daughter was born. My husband and I had not planned on having a doula but realized with the lack of people being able to help because of the pandemic we needed some extra support. Liza was recommended by a friend and was absolutely wonderful! She listened to what we were looking for and was respectful and supportive of my needs and wants. She helped coordinate and schedule and checked in regularly when she wasn't working. As someone who didn't expect to have outside help, and had no experience with doula services, I was so pleased  with and comforted by the experience she gave me and my family. We will definitely use her again with our next child and I would recommend her to anyone looking for doula services! 


Matthew Gazulis8/17/2020Liza was our postpartum doula during the first two months after having our first child. She was wonderful to work with; teaching us effective soothing techniques for our newborn, and watching our baby during the night while quietly and effectively bringing her to us when she needed to feed. My wife and I were appreciative to have a good night of sleep every time Liza visited, which was incredibly helpful during the first few postpartum months. Liza would also help with household shores like laundry which we greatly appreciated. I would highly recommend working with Liza!


Malak Barash7/2/2020Liza has been a valuable partner in helping us the first 4 months of our son's life. She helped us 3 nights/week by providing this mama some much-needed sleep and sleep training our son at four months.  highly recommend Liza for new and experienced moms. I thought after my first child I knew everything and Liza showed me there's always something you can do better. Don't hesitate to get the help you need. 


Kelsey Gonzalez6/29/2020Liza worked as our nighttime doula for our boy/girl twins and was great! She is puntual, organized, gentle and calm. She provided sleep tips to help us start a foundation of healthy sleeping habits from a young age and was available via text/email for additional questions/concerns I had throughout the day. Having Liza there at night while my husband and I got some much needed rest was invaluable. We also have a 3 year old and would not be able to function without her help on those nights! I highly recommend Liza!  


Maggie Landers11/6/2019Liza was an incredible night doula. Being a first time mom, there is so much to worry about. Liza immediately put me at ease. She is super warm and my infant Quinn loved her. I looked forward to seeing her at night - she was super professional and experienced but also incredibly warm. Liza helped me figure out the best way to calm Quinn in the evening, how to keep him comfortable and how to best prepare for the nights without her. I had family in town a lot during the first few weeks and everyone in my family adored Liza. If Liza is your night doula, consider yourself lucky!


Jillian Gabrielsen3/14/2019Liza was one of the best decisions we ever made as a part of our post - birth plan.  I cannot imagine the first month without her. I had identical twins when my first child was barely 2 years old and with the high liklihood of C-section with twins, plus a toddler to care for, I had a lot of anxiety about the post birth experience.  Liza was our post partum night doula and started the first night we were home from the hospital. She immediately calmed me, helped me with nursing positions for twins, took care of the babies in between feedings so I could get some rest and was an invaluable resource of information, support, and care for our twins.  Liza really enabled me to fully recover physically and get some rest in those early weeks that made me able to enjoy my new babies.  We felt like she was part of family and I would highly recommend her to anyone! 


Leigh2/13/2019Liza supported my family and I as a night doula once a week for the first few weeks of my daughter's life.  As a first time mom I didnt know what to expect and was grateful for Liza being there to guide me; focusing on my wellbeing as well as my little one's. I knew that when Liza was with us I was sure to get a few extra hours of much needed sleep! Liza remained awake throughout the night and woke me only when it was time to nurse. She then handled the diaper changes, burping and settled little one back down again. This helped me gain an extra hour or so of sleep per feeding. Liza also folded my daughter's laundry and washed the pumping equipment which was a nice touch. I appreciated how Liza asked loads of questions during our first meeting and before each shift to determine how best to look after my daughter. I also really liked how she provided a complete outline of everything that had happened throughout the night so I could review the next day. Overall I was really thankful we hired Liza. She was suportive, really friendly, professional, clearly loves babies and someone who quickly felt like a friend during a really challenging time. 


Leigh2/12/2019Liza supported my family and I as a night doula once a week for the first few weeks of my daughter's life.  As a first time mom I didnt know what to expect and was grateful for Liza being there to guide me; focusing on my wellbeing as well as my little one's. I knew that when Liza was with us I was sure to get a few extra hours of much needed sleep! Liza remained awake throughout the night and woke me only when it was time to nurse. She then handled the diaper changes, burping and settled little one back down again. This helped me gain an extra hour or so of sleep per feeding. Liza also folded my daughter's laundry and washed the pumping equipment which was a nice touch. I appreciated how Liza asked loads of questions during our first meeting and before each shift to determine how best to look after my daughter. I also really liked how she provided a complete outline of everything that had happened throughout the night so I could review the next day. Overall I was really thankful we hired Liza. She was suportive, really friendly, professional, clearly loves babies and someone who quickly felt like a friend during a really challenging time. 


Kelsey2/4/2019Liza was a godsend for our family. She was with us for several weeks starting on our first night home after my C-Section. She not only cared for our little boy like her own but also gave my husband and I the confidence we needed as first time parents. She has a calm and confident disposition and is a wealth of information (very connected to the community and helped me find a great post-partum PT who makes home visits). We miss her and are forever thankful for the role she played in our early days as a newly formed family.


Allison Schneider12/18/2018We hired Liza for help 2-3 nights per week when our daughter was 3-5 weeks old and my husband was studying for final law school exams. She was a total lifesaver. Liza is incredibly warm and was loving with our baby from the start. She is a true baby whisperer if I've ever seen one. She would barely walk into the apartment and immediately there would be a sense of calm, like a sigh of relief breathed by all.Liza was always early and stayed late if the early morning feed went long. She washed and sterilized our bottles and pump parts, and most importantly, she imparted priceless survival tips including teaching me how to nurse while sidelying. I can't recommend her more highly. We only wish we could hire her for full time care!Please feel free to reach out to me. I'm happy to share more details about our wonderful experience with Liza.


Amy Eastwood11/28/2018Liza was an amazing doula to us.  She was very attentative and understood our wishes.  During labor she was fantastic and was such a great support to us. She knew exactly what to do and say.  It was invaluable having her with us.


Nikki Houk9/29/2018We were expecting our first child this past summer and as we got closer to the due date, I had more anxiety about the birth process. We met Liza with only two months until our due date, and she was a huge help and relief. I finally had someone who was familiar with everything I didn't know. She listened to our needs, she explained to us what we might encounter, she toured our birth center on her own time to get a feel for the environment and ask questions as they related to our birth plan. She toured our nursery and made suggestions for things we'd need and showed us how to use the things we'd already received from friends and family.Liza checked in with us periodically as we approached the due date and when I went into labor a week early, she came to our house and spent the night to be there for us. In the end, the birth itself was entirely different from what we had hoped for but it all turned out fine- we had a healthy baby girl- and Liza was there for every step of it, including sitting next to me through an unplanned c-section. While my husband was with our minutes old baby, it was very reassuring to have Liza there with me by my side. She continued to check in with us in the days and weeks afterward, calling and texting to see if we had questions or needed her.Needless to say, I truly appreciated Liza's presence throughout our whole birth experience.


Sara Wasserman8/31/2018Liza was amazing to work with and I trusted her with my newborn daughter 100% —I am a first time mom and was nervous to have someone new around my daughter but Liza made me feel secure and did exactly what made me feel comfortable.I would recommend her fully to any new moms and trust her always! We felt very lucky to have worked with her!


Sarah Bonar7/15/2018We were fortunate to have Liza as both our birth and post partum night doula. While I wish I could have had her there for our entire labor experience (my water broke 5 weeks early and she was out of town with her family), she did her best to get back here as soon as possible and made it just in the knick of time. She was able to help me get through those last stages and even took some amazing photos (and had the printed for us) of our daughter and us as a family after she was born.She was absolutely the best decision we could have made regarding those first few months with our new baby. Not only did we get precious sleep, Liza helped us with light housework and even came early a couple of nights so we could get out and have dinner together. I felt completely at ease with her from our first meeting and never had any doubt that she would take the best care of our daughter.I would highly recommend Liza as a doula. She was always on time, incredibly empathetic and always willing to listen to me natter on about how things were going with the baby and life in general. We also have a very energetic and somewhat large dog and she took his nightly greeting in stride.


Krystel Ariel Harvey6/6/2018Liza was truly a life-saver for our family. She completely understood our goals to teach our newborn to self-soothe all while ensuring that I get the rest I needed in order to function during the day time. She has a warm, friendly demeanor which makes it very easy to incorporate her into your family. My baby sleep trained himself at 5 months and I truly believe that everything Liza did with him prepared him for this. She will go out of her way to find other tasks to do to help you out. She takes really good notes so I knew exactly what to expect from my baby during the day. She is very intuitive and knows before you even do what you need. For example, I was struggling with my baby during the day and she introduced me to a schedule that completely changed my baby's wake times and made him easier and more manageable. She is a fountain of knowledge and can help you come up with a solution for any of the problems that come up post-labor and trying to figure out the whole mom thing. You cannot go wrong hiring Liza. My husband and I constantly talk about how much we miss having her come over.


Stephanie Welter Krause2/6/2018Liza was awesome. She was always there on time, flexible when I needed, and great with my daughter. She came in with knowledge to help me with whatever I needed, and was eager to do research and ask her network for things she didn't know. It was incredible to have the added support during those early weeks, and affirmation what I was going through was normal and it will get better. She also really helped teach my daughter to nap on her own, and not on me, and helped me with tactics to teach and support her. I still use them to this day!


Hilary Ashford-Ng2/2/2018We worked with Liza when our son was 2 months old and highly recommend her postpartum doula services. She was such a comfort to have, both for our baby and for us as new parents. She was reassuring and a teacher with advice when requested. Her love for what she does and for babies is demonstrably obvoius. She brings calm and a warm smile to what can feel like a overwhelming time.