DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
3 TESTIMONIALS

Lorrie Del Rio

Touch of Heaven Doula Services

Redwood City, CA  Service range 20 miles

650 207-0464

Birth Fee

$2100 to $2400

CONTACT LORRIE VIEW LORRIE'S AVAILABILITY

Sarah Scott2/15/2023Lorrie Del Rio has been the Doula for all 3 of my pregnancies. I can honestly say that I wouldn't have been able to make it through my labors without her. She helped bring a calming atmosphere into each labor and delivery. I was able to do all three of my births naturally, with no medication at all. Having her there to help me breathe through contractions, and coaching me as I pushed was a huge benefit. She was so supportive of not just me but my husband through the whole process. We were so grateful to have 3 healthy babies! Lorrie has had 6 kids naturally herself, so her words and advice were very comforting. She is so nurturing and caring, and it felt great to have that type of support in the delivery room and even leading up to the birth. We highly recommend hiring her! 


brianna rivera1/10/2023My experiance with working with Lori Del Rio was amazing and made my birthing experiance alot easier and even though it was a high stressful situation lori helped me through it. I had gone into labor at 23weeks and 3 days and had to have a natural birth because i have a disability and Lori taught me how to breathe through my pain and how to push out my baby, I was able to deliver my baby with ease and very quickly. Lori was really there for me during everything and was such an amazing couch I really couldn't have done it without her. even with after care i was so grateful to have her there with me and being such a great support.


Erika1/26/2022Lorrie's Support, Knowledge, Strength, compassion & ability to be the calm in the storm was truly what got me through some of the most painful & difficult deliveries I've experienced. Lorrie was there throughout every moment of my 3 deliveries, and 2 were high risk- pregnancy's with early delivery. Already having one little one, She was there with me as I went through the difficulties of being bed ridden, hospitalized, & the ups and downs of my absolute worry about being medicated & the health of my baby!  My Hubby tried,but had a hard time with the physical pain I would go through. She was always checking in & making sure I didn't need to go to the hospital, but  if I did need to go she was there. When delivery time did come it was extremely hard and painful, I was given pitocin during labor and could not handle it!! Lorrie  had a way to block everything out, brought me to a place of control & helped me focus and deliver healthy babies without an epidural! The ONE pregnancy I had no issues with, come delivery.. he wouldn't wait!!.. Lorie was prepared for that TOO!!She made it to my house within minutes & was ready to deliver my little one in the car as we drove to the hospital.. she assured me that everything would be ok & coached me into a place of calm & readiness to meet my baby..My little one entered this world within 30 min of arrival to hospital!! She is an ABSOLUTELY amazing woman and such a powerful presence.. I TRULY-TRULY recommend Lorrie! I don't know how I would have gotten through those moments without her!