DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
4 TESTIMONIALS

Madison Marshall

On Point Birth

Lakewood, CA  Service range 40 miles  N/A

9499458701

https://sites.google.com/view/madison-marshall-e-portfolio/home

Birth Fee

$1800

CONTACT MADISON VIEW MADISON'S AVAILABILITY

Raquel1/10/2023Maddy is THE BEST ever and I want her present for all my births. I really don't think we could've had the amazing birth experience that we did if it wasn't for her, but even before our birth, she was awesome. Maddy was great with checking in on me regularly and giving me tips & exercises for me to prep for my unmedicated birth so when the big day did come, we were ready. The day of my birth, Maddy headed over first thing in the morning. Once she was there, she was able to give us different laboring positions & techniques to help the labor progress. One of my most favorite things about Maddy being my doula was her massages. This helped TREMENDOUSLY during labor, and she even provided an e-stim massager to help lessen the intensity of the surges. Maddy has extensive experience, wisdom, & all the tools, but most importantly, she has a kind & loving heart. She's easy to talk to and helps you feel empowered & strong, because she is an empowered & strong women herself. You can tell she really loves this work, loves babies, and loves helping women & families through one of the most important days of their lives. We love you, Maddy! 


Cory Dawson12/13/2022I have known Maddy for 3 years and think the world of her! I met her when pregnant with my first and was interviewing doulas. Her energy, passion, confidence, experience across hospitals, birthing centers, and home births, and knowledge AND wisdom set her apart from everyone else; she is an absolute gem in the medical world - I wish there were more people like her! She helped me believe in myself, lose my fear and realize how much I was made for this beautiful process. I was able to embrace the entire journey in a way that kept me educated, staying present, and feeling empowered! Because of Maddy, I've had two beautiful - but completely different - birthing stories that wouldn’t have happened without her support. My first birth Maddy always made me feel like a priority. Throughout pregnancy, I asked her questions ranging from what type of prenatals/postnatals to take, how to breastfeed/latch, products for postpartum care, to how to best deal with contractions, what to eat the day of labor, which positions to practice to ease labor time, etc! On the day of my son’s birth, Maddy was my confident advocate - she didn't leave my side and helped me relax and get to work; overall, I ended up following my birth plan exactly how I was hoping.Second pregnancy was  more complicated; because of some alarming bloodwork, I needed to have an earlier delivery. Maddy came over to my house and worked tirelessly through specific techniques that aimed to trigger natural labor. Her dedication, leadership, and wisdom with what would work best with my body ultimately led to my son being born - he came fast and hard, but was the most beautiful and peaceful water birth I could have ever imagined! As I reflect on these two experiences, I see how Maddy helped me to believe in myself and my ability to do something our bodies were made for! Overall, I encourage you to contact Maddy - your time and experience with her will be life-changing!


Rhaissa Easton12/10/2022Madison was absolutely everything I needed. I had the most magical birth and I can say with certainty that was a lot because of her. I told her I wanted to do most of my labor at home and just go to the birth center when I was ready. She was able to analyze my body and time it perfectly. Everything she recommended me to do and all the techniques she used made my labor so enjoyable. Madison may seem young but she has a lot of experience. I 1000% recommend her and I'll definitely hire her again for future babies. 


Meghan Mugg12/9/2022We hired Maddy as our doula for the birth of our first child in April of 2022. I knew that I wanted to hire a doula to attend our homebirth, which we had planned for since before I was pregnant. I was introduced to Maddy by our midwife. The moment we met her we knew she was the perfect fit. Maddy was there for every step of the way throughout my pregnancy and birth. Throughout pregnancy, she was there for any questions or concerns I had, along with numerous tips to help prepare my body and cervix for labor. In labor, Maddy arrived at our home just as I was unable to cope with the sensations with just the help of my husband. I will never forget the relief her arrival brought me - the counterpressure, massage, and changing in positioning brought so much relief and made my labor progress quickly. Things took a turn when our baby's heart rate began dropping drastically. Everyone in the room was panicked and frantic while Maddy remained calm and collected. When we arrived at the hospital, we were informed our baby was in the breech position and were immediately taken in for an emergency cesarean. Maddy stayed at the hospital all night with us, advocated for me in recovery, and made multiple trips from the hospital to our home to bring us clothes, food, and other things we needed. Looking back, I truly don't know what we would have done without Maddy. I am thankful we did not have to experience what we experienced without her expertise and unconditional love and support as we processed and grieved over the loss of our dream birth. Maddy is truly the best of the best at what she does. She goes above and beyond for her clients because her passion for birth runs deep. She is wise beyond her years which shows in every aspect of her professional and personal life. Hiring Maddy will be the best thing you did to support you and your family throughout pregnancy, birth, and postpartum. 