DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
9 TESTIMONIALS

Margie Levy, CD(DONA), CLC

Margie Levy

Los Angeles, CA  Service range 25 miles

(818) 994-6800

http://www.margielevy.com

Birth Fee

$3500 to $5000

CONTACT MARGIE VIEW MARGIE'S AVAILABILITY

Elizabeth Craft Fierro4/5/2010I LOVE Margie Levy.  When I sought out a doula, I didn't know if I was going to pursue non-medicated childbirth, but I was exploring the possibility.  My husband was skeptical to say the least.  Margie answered all of our questions without ANY judgement and sent us to an amazing birth class.  Ultimately, I decided I wanted my son's birth to be natural.  My husband and I were nervous, scared, and excited.  Margie was always available to answer questions on the phone or via email.   She's got a great sense of humor and has tons of information about everything having to do with pregnancy and birth.  When the time came, Margie was totally calm, comforting, and wonderful in every way. There is NO WAY I would have gotten through labor without an epidural if it hadn't been for Margie.  She was amazing at giving me support emotionally as well as physically (there are things she can do to help ease the pain).  My son, Jack, was born medication-free at 9 pounds, 9 ounces.  It was the experience of a lifetime.     I chose natural childbirth, but I'd suggest hiring a doula for any vaginal birth.  The hospital is so overwhelming, and decisions are made so fast... it's incredibly comforting to have somebody by your side who's seen it all and knows how to navigate the system.  Our experience with Margie was so good that at the end of it, my husband said he wished we could have a doula for life in general.   That's not possible--unfortunately.  But if I have baby number 2, I'll tell my husband, then my parents, then Margie.  I can't imagine doing it again without her.


CM Hartdt4/2/2010Margie Levy is a terrific doula! She was all I could have asked for in a doula and help make my birth a wonderful experience. Her level of confidence and knowledge about birth and breastfeeding were great assets. I would highly recommend Margie to a friend!


Julia Grant3/3/2010One of the reasons why I was attracted to Margie was because she was completely open as to how the delivery could happen. Some doulas seemed quite committed to a natural delivery and while that was both my and Margie's goal, she was realistic and supportive that the delivery could happen a number of ways- all which would be successful. I had a very quick 4 hour labor and delivered a 9 1/2 pound boy all natural with no drugs- just Margie's help with her amazing massage and counter pressure techniques. The doctor missed the delivery by 20 minutes and I felt like I was in great hands with Margie and the head nurse taking care of me. She is amazing and I plan to hire her again if and when I have another!


Mitsko Chisholm2/28/2010Margie was wonderful. She was very accessible, knowledgeable and made us feel very at ease. Her massage techniques and her constant encouragement really helped me get through my contractions and labor. I had a completely natural birth, and I can't imagine having done it without her. I highly recommend hiring Margie as a doula!


Jenn Reddy2/25/2010Margie was my doula when I had my twin girls. She was calm and reassuring the whole time. She worked seamlessly with my care providers, husband and myself to provide the best possible support. I would recommend her to ANYONE having a baby.


Shonna Song2/25/2010Margie Levy was my doula for the birth of my son on january 8, 2010. I don't know how I could have possibly gone through my labor and birth without her. Not only was this my first baby, it was also my first experience being in a hospital. I knew because of my insurance and for my peace of mind (my mom had difficulties delivering me and required a c section) that I wanted to deliver in the hospital. I also wanted as few interventions as possible. Margie was excellent with the hospital staff. She was instrumental in maintaing a cooperative enviornment while asserting my prefrences. She was supportive and communicative throughout my labor and instrumental to the succesful delivery of my baby. One thing that appealed to me about Margie from the beginning was that she made it clear that my birth plan was to be based on what I wanted to do, not what she wanted or what I thought I should do. She was open to whatever my needs might be for the birth of my child. I really appreciate that about the way Margie works. I recommend her, without hesitation, to any expectant mother who would like support through her labor and delivery.


Susan Duerden2/25/2010Margie is absolutely amazing. If it wasn't for Margie, I would not have had the natural birth with no pain medication that I so wanted. I couldn't have done it without her. She was so supportive before, during and after the birth. She's an incredible person.


Meredith Quill2/23/2010 Margie Levy was the most important person at the birth of my daughter.  My husband was useless (i say that in the nicest possible way) and my doctor didn't make it in time for the birth, so Margie was the only person who was truly there for me.  She supported me through my very fast active labor and birth (all of 45 minutes) and was an amazing coach and cheerleader.  I don't know how I could have gotten through it without her.  She is so smart, attentive, encouraging, and kind.  I recommend her to all of my friends who plan to have natural childbirth and they all end up using her and having amazing experiences.  I will not have another baby without Margie!  


Monika Suarez2/23/2010Margie was with me for the birth of my daughter in 2006 by c-section due to breech presentation. Prior to the birth, she gave me a lot of advice on ways to try to turn my baby, but in the end she wouldn't turn. Margie helped me come to terms with the c-section and feel OK about it, even though I had my heart set on a natural delivery. She also took the most amazing pictures so that my husband and I could see the actual moment my daughter emerged! In 2008, Margie was instrumental in the VBAC for the birth of my son. The labor and delivery were the amazing experiences that I had hoped they would be. Margie used massage therapy and aromatherapy that helped me get through the process with no epidural. I couldn't have done it without her constant support and calm reassurance. I'm looking forward to delivering #3 and #4 (yes, TWINS!) again with her in July.