DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Meghan Johnstone

By Your Side Birth Services

San Diego, CA  Service range 30 miles

http://www.byyoursidebirthservices.com

Birth Fee

$1300 to $1500

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $45

CONTACT MEGHAN VIEW MEGHAN'S AVAILABILITY

Everrett Tran6/24/2016Simply the best and most dedicated with an abundant wealth of knowledge.


Kenan Gultekin3/11/2016Meghan was such an amazing part of our birth that I cannot imagine doing it without her. Her presence was cheering and calm and allowed me to focus on my wife and the birth of our daughter. She met with us before and after labor, as well as being at the hospital for the entire birth. And it was not a short labor! She is both knowledgeable and kind and just a warm person to be around. If you are looking for a doula, stop looking and hire Meghan! She is the best.Kenan


sarah madsen8/12/2015Amazing, amazing, amazing! All I can say is that a Doula makes a huge difference during birth and Meghan Johnstone was wonderful! We had an initial meet and greet and I knew right away she was the perfect fit. She was well educated and calm which made for a great fit when it came time to give birth to our son. Not only was she supportive to me and my baby, but she was 100% there for Mark and kept us both focused and calm through our whole labor. Her reassurance and reminders that I could do this kept me on track with my birth plan and made for an amazing birth experience. Without her by our side I don't think I would have had the same outcome as I did.Another great addition for having Meghan as our Doula was her option for placenta encapsulation! Mark and I did some research on encapsulation and found so many great benefits and decided to have it done. After I gave birth I was bleeding a little more than the average person. The capsules helped slow the bleeding, resulting in a quicker recovery. However, I must say the best result from the capsules has been balancing out my emotions and giving me more energy. After you give birth it's not a secret that you may feel some ups and down in your emotions. I definitely had some battles in that department, but with the capsules I was quickly given the boost that I needed and back to my normal self. I can definitely see and feel a difference when I take them vs when I don't. I would recommend this to anyone and everyone having a baby...worth it for sure! Along with the capsules Meghan did a placenta print for us and dried our umbilical cord. Such a great way to have those as keepsakes for years to come.So...if you are looking for an amazing birth experience and a great, supportive Doula... look no further...Meghan Johnstone is the best! Thank you Meghan for everything!! Mark, Mason and I couldn't have done it without you!