DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 TESTIMONIALS

Melissa Longueira

Birthwork By Melissa

Monterey, CA  Service range 50 miles

https://www.birthworkbymelissa.com

Birth Fee

$500 to $1200

CONTACT MELISSA VIEW MELISSA'S AVAILABILITY

Olivia Silva12/9/2022Melissa is extremely knowledgeable about birth, easy to communicate with, is truly caring and committed to making your birth experience comfortable and positive. During my pregnancy I was able to reach out to Melissa with questions or concerns and she was always quick to respond with great feedback putting my mind at ease.Melissa and I were in great communication the weeks prior to giving birth, answering all of my “is this normal?” kind of questions and making me feel super supported. I went into labor at 40+5 weeks in the middle of the night and she was there to answer all of my early labor questions and help me put my mind and body at ease. As my labor progressed she offered to come to my house and help me decide the right time to head to the birth center. We are so glad she did because upon arriving she was already in contact with the birth center and advocating for us that it was that time to go. Melissa not only provided me with support but also my husband giving him pointers on comfort measures and making sure the two of us had all that we needed. Getting to the birth center Melissa diffused some essential oils that were calming and invigorating and helped me through contractions with acupressure, some massage techniques and guiding me into different positions. Somehow she managed to keep me super hydrated through all of it because she was there with my water bottle encouraging me to drink water the entire time. Melissa has great energy, a calming voice and presence, great suggestions, and will really give you the confidence you need to have your dream birth. I can’t say enough positive things about Melissa and we are already so excited to have her as our doula on our next childbirth journey.


Teri Roberts11/14/2022Melissa is amazing! I am so thankful to have had her support throughout my birthing process. She was completely attentive and spoke up for me during such an emotional and intense birth. She listened to and advocated for what positions were working for me and what i was having a more difficult time with. Not only was she absolutely imperative during the actual birth, but the emotional support she provided before hand was immensely helpful and much needed! I was reaching towards 42 weeks pregnant and she talked with me everyday and made sure I was mentally and physically in a good space leading up to the birth.During the birth she provided music (since I totally forgot mine during the craziness of labor), physical support and gave suggestions on how to make it a smooth as it could be given the situation, and she even offered to take photos and even recorded when my daughter arrived, which is such a special moment I will treasure forever!She stayed with us after she was born until we felt comfortable and were ready to bond with our new arrival unattended.She continues to provide support for us during the postpartum period and I feel like we have bonded with each other for life!Honestly i can't say enough great things about her, and would have her as a doula again without any hesitation!Thank you so much Melissa from every cell in my body! You were/ are such a gift to our family and I will love you forever!