DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
10 TESTIMONIALS

Mikaela Lynn

MikaLynn Consulting LLC

Simi Valley, CA  Service range 30 miles  I'm willing to travel further North or East, depending on traffic patterns

https://www.mikaelalynn.com

Birth Fee

$3000 to $5000

Postpartum Rate

$60 to $100

Black Doula

CONTACT MIKAELA VIEW MIKAELA'S AVAILABILITY

Rachel C11/3/2022Words can't express our gratitude for Mikaela. She is truly one of a kind. Mikaela helped our family for almost a year- starting in my first trimester and ending 3 months post-partum. Through that time, with Mikaela as my doula, I had countless questions answered, tremendous emotional support, intelligent and well-researched advice, and someone who was just simply wonderful to be around. Due to some medical complications, a lot of my original birth plan had to go entirely out the window, and she helped me navigate the roller-coaster of emotions with her compassion and wisdom (and managed to make me laugh along the way even at the height of my stress!). Once baby boy was born, she supported us through each and every unexpected turn-- helping me conquer breastfeeding with a baby who had both a tongue and lip tie, providing much-needed perspective and advice when we were in the thick of the newborn phase, and most importantly, I was able to trust her with my little one each night as she gave me nighttime post-partum support. I wish words could adequately express our gratitude for Mikaela. My older kids frequently mention how they miss her, and she truly became part of our family. She was my little one's first best friend, and I will always be thankful for her time in our lives. 


Clare Kelly4/29/2022We hired Mikaela as our postpartum doula for our second kid. She was WONDERFUL. I wish we had hired her for our first! We were a bit nervous about how having a postpartum nighttime doula would work (would it be weird for someone to come in our bedroom in the middle of the night?) but Mikaela was an expert at making it not-weird.   This might only make sense to cat people, but her energy was so lovely that our very skittish rescue cat who sleeps in our bed wouldn't even blink when she came in at 3am. She's amazing, and very professional. I am going to recommend her to all my friends. 5 star experience, worth every penny. Thank you Mikaela! 


Alen Aivazian3/1/2022Mikaela helped us pull off a mircale only Jesus himself could do.  I don't sleep and niether did my son.  I thought that there is no magic formula and that this is just the way some people are and there is nothing you can do about not being able to sleep.  Well, Mikaela has the magic.  She went through step by step what we need to do and how we need to put our kid to sleep and our baby that woke up 20 times in a night now sleeps through the night 100% and at the most wakes up only one time.  The same method works for afternoon naps which I thought was impossible.  Mikaela is professional and very knowledagle and very easy to work with.  She listens and cares and will put your kid to sleep.  But dont think its easy, it is work, but know that it works.  You are in the best hands if you choose Mikaela.  


Katrina Jung1/12/2022I found Mikaela through online search. The moment we met her, she had this claming energy and immediately I felt comfortable around her.  She had great resources for me to be prepared for my birth and delivery of my son. She was very supportive and was wonderful with our perinatal meetings. I was so glad I hired Mikaela and wish I had her for our first child. She helped me be confident and able to advocate for myself while I was in the delivery room to achieve the birth of my son the way I had hoped for, a VBAC. Thank you Mikaela ? If we wanted another child, you would no doubt be our doula. I would recommend her to my friends and family. 


Erin Krozek8/5/2021We used Mikaela for basically everything both before and after the birth of our baby girl - to say that she was an absolute blessing was an understatement. As this was our first child, both my husband and I had a lot of anxiety about taking care of our little one. We wanted to make sure she had the absolute best start possible, and that we were well-prepared to bring her home and care for her after the birth.We met Mikaela under the auspices of simply helping out for a few days post-partum. Immediately, she brought her signature blend of warmth, humor, attentiveness, and knowledgeability into our home. We were put at ease by her manner, and felt incredibly informed pre-birth by the information and guidance she shared with us. After the birth, she was a much-needed salve for me in providing guidance around self-care, scheduling, and rest. A few weeks later, our night nurse was suddenly called away on an international trip, and Mikaela ably stepped in, showing up at our house every night, and singing our daughter to sleep. Her professionalis, innate sense of joy, and attention-to-detail were second to none, to the extent that we're pretty sure even our dog preferred her to us. We would recommend her without any hesitation - time spent with Mikaela is time well-spent for both you and your baby, and any family would be incredibly lucky to work with her.   


Jenica7/27/2021Mikaela was a warm, calming and beyond helpful presence in our home for the first three months of navigating our new family of four.  She was a fun playmate for our three-year-old, someone who could soothe our newborn’s cries, a companion who is easy to talk to and an excellent resource of information and knowledge. She is funny, loving, a great listener and seemed to know what we needed without us having to ask. We really can’t imagine the early and challenging postpartum days without her help. And more than anything, we felt as if she were a part of our family.  


Miranda1/27/2021Mikaela brings warmth, kindness and enthusiam to her practice as a doula. She has a vast library of resources for whatever question or concern you may have, and if she doesn't have something on hand she is willing ot go out and find it. During the delivery she was a calming and supuportive force who collaborated very well with hospital staff to ensure I had the birth I wanted. Despite being constrained by the pandemic, she was still able to provide ample support leading up to, during and after my delivery.


Raegan L.1/25/2021Mikaela’s presence as our doula provided the strength, knowledge, and support we needed to bring our baby into the world. Her wealth of knowledge and resources helped us prepare and ensured we were well-informed of our options throughout the procsss. The awareness and stability she brought to the birth made all the difference. I felt held and heard throughout my labor and birth and am internally grateful to have had her by our side.


Jaimee Jensen1/25/2021Mikaela made a high risk pregnancy in a pandemic SO much less frightening. Even though she couldn't be with us in person, she made herself available to us via text, Zoom and FaceTime in the weeks leading up to delivery, while we were in labor, and during postpartum. She provided us with SO many resources and helped equip my husband to be a doula-by-proxy - so much so that our nurses called him daddy doula! She was invaluable in helping us create our birth plan and we felt SO empowered to take charge of our care. She supported all of our decisions and was very non-judgmental. Even through FaceTime, she made such an impression on our entire medical team! I highly recommend working with Mikaela.


Raegan L.1/25/2021Mikaela’s presence as our doula provided the strength, knowledge, and support we needed to bring our baby into the world. Her wealth of knowledge and resources helped us prepare and ensured we were well-informed of our options throughout the procsss. The awareness and stability she brought to the birth made all the difference. I felt held and heard throughout my labor and birth and am internally grateful to have had her by our side.