DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
4 TESTIMONIALS

Natalie Zeri PCD (DONA), CLC, CMT, CLES

Zeri Health, Inc

Los Angeles, CA  Service range 22 miles

(310) 902-0283

http://zerihealth.com

Birth Fee

$3500

Postpartum Rate

$55 to $65

CONTACT NATALIE VIEW NATALIE'S AVAILABILITY

Sylvette Vidal7/21/2021Natalie helped us with our newborn the first few days after birth. She taught me to hand express, helped looking after our newborn while I took a nap, shower or took care of things around the house, sterilizing pumping and feeding items, and even preparing a couple recipes for my recovery. She was always on time, with a great attitude, advices, suggestions, very sweet to our baby, and just overall willing to make things easier for us as first time parents. We were so happy and relieved to have her for 3 weeks. I would recommend her as a post partum doula for sure. 


Megan Biffar4/7/2015We used Natalie as a postpartum doula. Natalie worked for us right after we came home from the hospital. Her help with our newborn was invaluable in the first few weeks while I was in pain following an unplanned C-section. Natalie is reliable, loving and sweet with our son and very easy to talk to. I would hire her again, and would recommend her services as a Doula to any new moms who want some extra sleep and support during the tough newborn phase!


Monika Casey11/4/2014Natalie was referred to me by my birth Doula and she is a great catch! She began helping me with my daughter around 3 weeks old. Natalie is super friendly and professional. She was so sweet to my baby and my baby loved her. She makes a fabulous breakfast too! Furthermore, she was a great support to me, as a first time mom, she offered her knowledge regarding breastfeeding and provided support whenever I needed it. Any family is lucky to have her :-)


Simone Bosco9/10/2014Natalie Zeri came to my house for 20 hours and she did a great job. She was an invaluable help at a time when I needed it so badly. She cooked for me and my 4 year old daughter, while I was able to take care of my newborn twins. I am a single mother, and she knew what I needed. She gave me great information on breastfeeding and took care of both me and my daughter and my twin babies. I would highly recommend her to anyone. You would be lucky to have her!Jean Bradshaw