DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
8 TESTIMONIALS

Nina Skagerlind-Gelb

Altagrace Doula

Irvine, CA  Service range 30 miles

908-342-9752

http://www.altagracedoula.com

Birth Fee

$1300

Postpartum Rate

$40

CONTACT NINA VIEW NINA'S AVAILABILITY

Sarah6/9/2023Nina is a phenomenal source of positive energy and reassurance that helped make my unmedicated, in-hospital birth a heartwarming and empowering experience.Nina is a fantastic listener. After talking with her about my prior birth experience and concerns for my second birth, my husband and I came away from the conversation feeling that she truly understood our perspectives. As a result, her words of support and her practical suggestions were always perfectly tailored to our specific needs.Nina also has an impressive knowledge of the birthing process, which was so helpful in talking through my birth plan and helped ensure that I was able to birth in my position of choice rather than on my back.All together, these qualities gave me so much trust in Nina that when she arrived when I was in labor, I instantly felt that I could handle anything now that she was there. When my labor got more intense, her reassurance that the sensations I was experiencing were a normal part of the birth process and her soothing words and tone served as an anchor. She also gave space for me and my husband to take the lead and work together, resulting in memories that we will cherish forever.


Laura & Sebastian3/7/2023One of the best decisions Sebastian and I made in our pregnancy was hiring Nina! She was there for us whenever we needed her. We had LOTS of questions since this is our first baby, and she was more than happy to talk through everything with us and led me to feel very confident on the birth date - but oh, was I glad she was there to hold my hand through those contractions! She was very sweet with us and even our parents loved her when they met her the day our little girl decided to come join us. We are forever grateful and we recommend her 100%


Kate3/11/2022Nina Skagerlind-Gelb is the BEST doula we could ever have wished for! After doing an incredibly thorough search for a doula, including speaking with multiple candidates, Nina was BY FAR the friendliest, most down-to-earth, supportive, responsive, dependable, thorough, hardworking, organized, and most genuinely caring person for the role.Nina happens to be incredibly intelligent, and modestly so (she graduated from an Ivy League college). She also has a very interesting, multicultural background with international experiences (she happens to speak English as if it’s her first language). Nina is somehow as reasonably priced as a doula could possibly be. It is evident that her priority is helping people.Nina is upbeat and positive, with an ability to make anyone feel comfortable. At the same time, she is empathetic and supportive, letting you feel heard, thoroughly exploring any ideas or questions, and validating any feelings and concerns you may have. Nina listens, making you feel special and cared about, as if she has all of the time in the world for you.  The moment she became my doula, so much of the stress and anxiety I had around giving birth disappeared. Having Nina present for my labor and delivery was an incredibly positive and helpful experience for my husband and me. Nina helped him feel supported and gain a better understanding on how to support me. Nina is a big reason why I feel my delivery was the best and most positive experience possible. It was like a dream! Despite any stresses my husband and/or I faced, Nina made us feel like she would always be there if we needed her as a caring, stable, sensitive, positive, non-judgmental support. She is so reassuring!If we were to have more children, we would absolutely want Nina as my doula again! Nina went above and beyond in supporting us, and I am certain that she will do the same for you!


Matt Ireland3/11/2022Nina was fantastic! The time she spent with us leading up to our due date was so helpful in getting questions answered, getting to know Nina, and just gaining peace of mind. As the "coach" to my wife (we went through Bradley method classes) it helped me to walk in to the hospital feeling comfortable and really allowed us to soak in the special moment and day that the birth of our daughter was! Nina was so caring and encouraging at the crucial moments during labor and afterwards. Her post-partum visit was so appreciated and she brought us some treats and got to hold our sweet girl. Thank you for sharing such a special moment with us Nina!


Kelsey DiLullo3/9/2022Hiring Nina as our doula was easily one of the best decisions we made for my pregnancy. Nina has become part of the family for us, and we simply can’t recommend her highly enough. From the beginning, Nina was professional, organized, funny, and thoughtful. She pays attention to the details and is eager to get to know you and your family. My pregnancy was fairly uncomplicated, but there were times that I had questions and needed more support than what my doctor was providing. Nina was a sounding board for us, and helped us understand our choices for birth and how to educate ourselves accordingly. She provided a wealth of knowledge and experience that we would not have had otherwise. She made my husband and I feel extremely comfortable and excited about everything. The birth itself did not go as anyone planned due to several unexpected complications, but Nina’s presence was even more critical because of it. She supported us through a very difficult and long labor, and provided everything from counterpressure during contractions to getting me things out of my bag if I needed it (allowing my husband to get some much needed rest!). Our labor was 27 hrs and Nina was instrumental at every step. She checked on me while I napped and was extremely attentive to my *every* need. I was in awe of how much she was willing to do for me, beyond typical doula duties. That is why she feels like a part of the family now... because she was truly in the trenches with us! Weeks after the birth, Nina was so helpful in helping me process what happened emotionally and mentally. She checked on me periodically during the postpartum phase and truly felt like a caring friend who wanted to make sure I was okay. Nina provided so much more than just labor coaching. She was and is part of our support system, and she does it out of the kindness and goodness of her heart. She is one of those special people that has truly found her calling. I fully and wholeheartedly recommend Nina!


Luissa1/15/2022I have had the privilege of having Nina by my side for two home births now. She is the epitome of helpful and supportive. From the moment I contacted her about my pregnancy she showed great interest in me, how I was doing, what my hopes and concerns were. She made herself available continuously throughout the end of my pregnancy and reached out to offer support or help in the weeks leading up to my due date. During labor Nina was an absolute life saver. She came to my house in the middle of night with an upbeat attitude. She intuitively connected with me and offered the exact support I needed without me having to ask for it. Whether she just distracted me with conversation, knelt by me mirroring my breath, helped provide counter pressure, or helped me evaluate steps to take towards progress, she did it all gracefully. She has a wonderful personality that puts others at ease and connects seamlessly with anyone. I can't think of anything Nina lacks! She is the absolute perfect doula and I'm so lucky I got to have her with me for the birth of both my children.


Martine and Monty12/24/2021Nina was better than we could have ever imagined. She went above and beyond for us, and really exceeded our expectations. If you’re hesitant to hire a doula, don’t be! At least not with this one. The support before, during and after labor was so incredibly helpful. Above that Nina is incredibly kind, empathetic and really makes you feel at ease and as comfortable as possible. We were hesitant at first to have a stranger helping us through labor, but it was not uncomfortable at all. She instantly felt like a close friend, like she was supposed to be there. She listened carefully to our personal preferences and tries to make them happen. We loved how she came up with different comfort techniques during labor, this really helped us to stay calm and to get through it. We are really happy we hired Nina and would do it in a heartbeat again if we get pregnant again. 


Lucy Gettinger1/31/2020Nina was great! She really helped my husband and me through the labor, even though it went all the way through Christmas night. I feel like she really got to know me and my needs/preferences. I don't know how I could have done it without her!