DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
15 TESTIMONIALS

Pamela Augustine

Doula Pamela

Sebastopol, CA  Service range 60 miles

707-824-1231

http://doulapamela.net

Birth Fee

$1000 to $2400

CONTACT PAMELA VIEW PAMELA'S AVAILABILITY

kelly Fazio11/21/2018Pamela's kind and loving deminor was wonderful throughout our experience with her. She tought us many teciniques for delivery of our son. During labor she made me feel very comfortable and helped me with movement. Infact during labor i had a rather painfule time when our son was beinging to move down and through my cervix and she really relived my pain and helped get me through that moment and a few others.We are really pleased with our experence and feel like we have a lovely friend in Pamela.Aldo and Kelly Fazio


Lorian Lindsay9/9/2018My family's experience with Pam was amazing. She was so helpful before, during, and after birth. She had a wealth of knowledge and had many "tricks in her bag" for all the situations we encountered. I was on the fence about whether I needed a doula, but it was the best decision I ever made. Pam is one of a kind! She made an experience that could have been very painful, scary, and overwhelming, actually enjoyable. Her holistic approach and practical applications made me feel not only prepared for labor but excited about it.During labor she was invaluable! She took such good care of me and my family, there were times I felt like I was at the spa rather than birthing a child. When things got painful she had wonderful techniques to help shift the focus and overcome the fear and pain, and she was able to guide my husband as well, so he was more able to help and as a result he was much more hands on, involved and helpful. She was a great coach and an advocate for me. She was the one person in the room whom I really felt I could trust. She knew what I wanted as was able to advocate and help me get there. She was also extremely intiuitive and had a wondeful connection to the baby coming into my life and the deep profound journey that labor and birth can be.After the birth she constantly checked in on us, brought us things we needed, and was willing to jump in and help us when after 3 weeks I got an infection and was overwhelmed with getting the baby to sleep or had questions about the baby. She again had a wealth of knowlegde and so many great tips. With her advice I got my newborn to sleep much better and our whole family to get more sleep.We are Forever grateful to Pam, and give her the highest recomendation possible! Anyone would be lucky to have Pam as their doula. She is truely a guardian Angel. She is such a special person with a special job, and our gratitude is straight from the heart. We love you Pam! Tha Shick Family August 2018


Kelly Zalewski5/17/2018I am so grateful to have found Pamela to be my doula! She was so supportive throughout my pregnancy with responses to my emails, texts, and phone calls. She helped me navigate my feelings and decisions as my pregnancy went beyond 41 weeks. Her support at that time made me feel less alone and more secure in my decisions.  During my labor and delivery at the hospital, Pamela quickly jumped to action to provide me relief whether that be with counter pressure during a contraction or to get me water and snacks. My husband was able to provide better support during each contraction by taking the lead from her.  Afterward he marveled that doulas aren’t standard care as her expertise made all the difference for me to have a positive experience during a long and difficult labor. I highly recommend working with Pamela and will absolutely be calling her when we are ready for baby #2!


Rebekah Driessen1/25/2017We are so glad we found Pamela to be our doula.  She was very helpful every step of the way, from book recommendations,  supplement suggestions, and birth planning prior to birth, to her hands-on support during labor, to her invaluable help figuring out breastfeeding after our baby was born.  Pamela's love for and dedication to her work was evident in every interaction with her.  Thank you so much Pamela!


Nichole Zlatunich4/27/2016Pam was absolutely amazing! She was there with me and my husband throughout our very long labor, starting from 7pm Friday night through our admission to the birth center at 2am on Saturday through labor all day until 8pm Saturday, checking into the hospital since I had been at 9.5 for hours without progress and remained with a cervical lip that could not be moved, through an emergency c-section on Sunday morning, and to my recovery room at the hospital. She only left my side for a few hours while I was sleeping very early Sunday morning! There is no way that I would have been able to cope so well throughout the entire process without her compassion and assistance. We planned for a natural birth and ended up with an emergency c-section, but I know that I would have had so much of a more difficult time without her by my side. I recommend Pam wholeheartedly and with no reservations! She is absolutely wonderful! I would also recommend her for childbirth education classes—my husband and I took a private class with her and she equipped us with a wealth of knowledge and tactics that were useful in preparing for our son’s birth.


Timothy Foster1/17/2016From our first impression to our last, my wife and I have been pleased to have met and worked with Pamela. This was our first pregnancy and although we had very specific ideas about how we wanted it to happen, we were not exactly sure how or if we could achieve it.Pamela was generous with her time and answered all of our questions, and since our heads were a bit scattered, often answering the same questions more than once. Her advice leading up to labor was just what we needed. Her prenatal consultations with us in our home helped us to feel as prepared as possible for our big day. Pam's perspective helped us to refine our birth plan and keep it concise and clear for hospital staff.When the time came to go to the hospital, Pamela was very professional with staff and assured and calm through the labor with myself and my wife. The pain relief techniques she taught and administered were hugely beneficial for our natural birth. We had a great experience with Pamela and would recommend her services. Thank you, Pamela!


Sarah Jenness12/3/2015We are so grateful that Pamela was our birth doula! First, her six week class gave us invaluable tools to prepare for the birth, practically and emotionally. It was great to bond with the other couples as well. After taking her class we knew she would be our first choice as a doula. She met with us to discuss our ideal birth experience as well as logistics in getting ready. On the day of the birth, Pamela came to our home as soon as we needed her. Her knowledge, experience and calm presence helped both of us immensely. She was the best support during the intensity of labor! She really knows her labor comfort strategies. We were able to labor at home for the majority of the day, because she helped us know the best timing to go into the birth center. She was a good support after labor as well, bringing us food and calling our family. Post-partum, Pamela came back to our home check on us and provide assistance. She invited us to participate in did the placenta encapsulation which was awesome.Our deepest gratitude to Pamela! She's the best!


Caitlin Vody8/19/2015Pamela was recommended to me by another local doula. I looked at Pamela's website and was immediately interested in meeting her when I saw how she was a "mother to mothers." I definitely needed a maternal, supportive, feminine energy for my doula. She is and was amazing, nurturing, and the most supportive doula. I looked for a doula for my second birth experience, because my first labor and delivery resulted in a cesearean and I was looking for extra support in attempting a VBAC. Pamela is knowledgeable, patient, supportive, nurturing and simply amazing. She provided me with the support and tools I needed for an enjoyable pregnancy and a successful VBAC in a hospital. She helped me stay on track and remember what I felt was important during my labor and delivery. She was also a huge support to my husband.I honnestly felt like I couldnt have done it without her knowledge, energy, and supportive strength.Hands down, I recommend Pamela for any woman seeking an experienced, knowledgeable, patient, kind, supportive doula.Thank you Pamela. We will never forget your  kindness and support.


Marissa Mowinckel10/19/2014My husband and I met Pam at a "meet the doula night" and were initially drawn to her becasue of her very down-to-earth and calm demeanor. A week later when we met her for a longer interview we were really impressed with how comfortable she made us feel and how much experience she has had in the world of labor and delivery. She not only has a wealth of knowledge from years of being a childbirth educator but she also has very dynamic and extensive hands on experience in assisting women during labor. We loved her respectful and inquisitve approach to supporting us as a couple and really felt like she wanted to help us have the birth we wanted. We were able to easily contact her with any questions or concerns after we hired her and during our meetings with her before the birth, we were really pleased with the time she took to get to know us and go through comfort measures to try while in labor. During labor, Pam was a very gentle but solid presence and we felt that she was really insightful as far was when and how to step in. She was a phenomenal support to both of us and I felt really held the entire time. She made sure that during each contraction either her or my husband (if not both of them) were present and that I was not alone. She was tireless in supporting me physically and emotionally and helping my husband take an active role and take breaks when he needed. Additionally, Pam had great insight into a variety of comfort measures and helped my husband integrate those into the labor experience. Our birth was in the hospital and Pam was a very helpful advocate and support in working with the hospital staff and because the three of us were working so well as a team, it allowed for less interruptions and smoother communication with the nurses and midwife.Overall my husband and I both felt that Pam was an amazing support and would highly recommend her to anyone seeking a doula to attend their birth. We were so thankful for her role in our baby's birth.


Sophia Ferar8/16/2014First off Pamela was wonderful leading up to my labor any questions I had she was ready to answer full hearteadly. I thought I was in labor a week before I had my precious baby girl. She helped walk me through the process of early labor turning on and off. She checked in with me regulalry and on my due date she took me on a beautiful wal.  She has such a big heart and so much knowledge to be offered. She not only helped me but she helped all that were involved feel at ease and that everything would be ok. My labor was 23 hours and was very difficult at times, I would never have gotten through it with out saying "I give up!!" If it hadn't been for Pamela. She always was one step ahead if me. Keeping me calm, comfortable, and proactive. She helped move my stubborn baby into position seamlessly and with as little pain as possible considering I was in labor. She was by my side the whole time unwilling to let me get to a place of bfeeling defeated. And she ecouraged me the whole way through made me feel like a champion. With out a doubt she is the reason why through difficult circumstances my baby came into this world unharmed. She is in my opinion the only way to go for a doula. She is an angel in disguise.


Naomi McLeod7/8/2014Pamela was the best doula we could have hoped for. Having her at our house while we were laboring allowed us to concentrate on eachother and trust in her to make the calls when we were ready to go to the hospital and how to keep time on our progression. While birthing in the hospital, Pamela was instrumental in making sure what we wanted for that portion, was heard and that we were allowed the positions and preferences we desired. Her energy is calm and supportive, and all the follow up visits were great in reassuring us we were helping our baby along in breastfeeding and care.A huge recommendation for anyone who wants to have someone solid and educated with them for their birth. She strikes a perfect balance. She will be a part of our sons life.


Crystal Jamison4/12/2014She knows her stuff and helped guide my friends and family in my labor process. She's very nice and thoughtful. I was happy to have her.


Shannon Connor4/7/2014Pamela is forever in our hearts and apart of our family. Present for the most pivotal day of our lives, she played a key role on the journey as our daughter came earthside.She instintively knew the appropriate massage/touch techniques to put my mind at ease, thereby allowing my body to do the work it already knew how to do. She was also extremely helpful in suggesting different laboring positions to make baby move and allow for an easier entry into the world. More than anything, her gentle yet reassuring presence served as a guide during the hardest experience of my life. Her words of encouragement are what kept me going during my moments of doubt. When I wanted to give up from sheer exhaustion, I remember her saying, "You can do this... Tell that baby to come out.." And shortly after, my daughter was born.Because of my wonderful birth experience I feel transformed and empowered as a woman, making the transition into motherhood much smoother and more peaceful. Words could never describe how grateful we are that Pamela was there during the birth, as well as during pregnancy and postpartum.  She understands that birth is sacred and honors the incredible changes, challenges and joys that comes with this special time in life.So much love in our hearts...


Katy Casad2/21/2014I could not have asked for a more wonderful doula than Pamela. As soon as I met her I felt confident in her abilities and knew that I was going to be in good hands. She gave me a sense of calm and trust in myself, and the birth process. She is thoughtfull, a great listener, and very skilled at her job. With Pamela as my doula, I was able to have the vbac I had hoped for. I believe she was an essential part to that being a success. After the birth, she continued to provide caring support to myself and my son. I am so grateful to have had her with me during this journey. I would encourage anyone searching for a doula to work with Pamela. If I ever become pregnant again, I know I will be calling her!


Sara Rooney2/20/2014At the point I decided I wanted to have a doula by my side during birth, I had so worn down my husband that he was pretty much saying yes to everything. ("You want frozen yogurt... now?"  "You need to use the bathroom here?  This very instant?"  "You want to give birth where?") Afterwards, though, he willingly and readily admitted how wonderful it was to have Pam with us.We chose Pam because we had already gotten to know her through the birth classes that she taught at the Women's Health and Birth Center in Santa Rosa. The way she conducted the classes showed us that she was knowledgeable, kind, attentative, approachable and spiritually attuned to all things pregnancy-related. I felt I could immediately trust her with my thoughts, questions and fears - and she proved worthy of that trust.Pam made herself available to me at all times throughout my pregnancy and through labor. We obviously saw each other at her classes, but we also met a few times outside of class to talk. We had her home and cell numbers if we needed to reach her with a question. When early labor started, I let her know; and when I decided I needed her at 5 in the morning, she was there! More amazingly she was by my side from that morning til my daughter was born *the following day* - nearly 23 hours of work!Her presence was just what I needed: a calm, quiet strength with an intuitivness into what I needed at whatever point I was in the process. My husband took his cues from her and was able to be the strong support that I needed (and that I know he so wanted to be).When I look back on the road that I walked, from the beginning of labor to the birth of my daughter - how long it was - its highs and its lows - I know I have Pam to thank for walking it with me. I do not think I would have been able to follow through on my goals for a natural birth without her encouragement. My heartfelt thanks will be with and for Pam always!