DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
6 TESTIMONIALS

Priya Kalyan-Masih

Love Your Best Life LLC

Apple Valley, CA  Service range 80 miles

760-503-5330

Birth Fee

$1500 to $2500

CONTACT PRIYA VIEW PRIYA'S AVAILABILITY

Celena7/4/2023First time pregnancy and never knew what a doula was until I met Priya. She was covered by my insurance and was amazing! Priya is a bright amazing helpful woman that helped in all way she can. During stressful times she helped not only me but my partner in some situations. I would 100% recommend her for anyone that is looking for a positive and supportive doula. We love you Priya ??


Megan Bucellato6/30/2023Priya is an amazing doula! She is so kind, caring and up-lifting. There were many times I changed my mind or was indecisive about my birth plan and she always gave me the best advice to support me with my final decision. Anything I needed she was there to help or find me resources for a solution to my problem. My first few weeks of postpartum were rough and thankfully with her reassurance/motivation I made it out of that dark space. I’d go through another pregnancy all over again just to have her by my side! Thank you Priya for all the love and hard work you gracefully do.


Janette Rojas6/26/2023Shout out to Dr. Priya Masih for being there with me and my family as we welcomed our new baby into the world as our Doula. She was awesome and heard me out even before going to the hospital at our appointments I truly do appreciate her and know that she cares wholeheartedly about each and every patient. If and when I ever do decide to have another baby she will definitely be at my bedside again. Thank you again Priya for all your help with our family and little Benjamin we love you!!!


Kim6/24/2023Doula Priya was THE BEST Doula I could have ever asked for. Every meeting prior to labor, she took the time to really check in with me and listen to my wants and preferences for laboring. She provided resources to me for my concerns and even anticipated my concerns. During the labor process, she provided a wonderful, peaceful ambiance for meand my support people, she helped me through my decision making and was great advocate for me. Even post Parfums, she still makes herself available to check in on me and my mental health and continues to provide encouragement and resources. Throughout the whole process, it was evident that Doula Priya was called to be a doula and that she has genuine concern and care for her clients and their pregnancy and birth journey.


Susana Estevez6/23/2023Words can't express how much I appreciate and I'm thankful for        Priya Kalyan-Masih since I meet her at the beginning of my pregnancy I new i was in good hands. being a first time mom I had tons of questions and I was scare but Priya gave me all the answers I need it, more important she gave me the calm and confidence that everything was going to be okay. Priya cares deeply for her patients she makes us feel like family.Having her at my delivery was like having a sister she helped me to be calm and took care of me all the way until now. I would deeply recommend her to be part of your new amazing journey of welcoming your precious little one you will be for ever thankful for her. can't thank you enough Prika. thank you thank you ?? 


Mia Bloomer6/23/2023I really loved my experiencia with Priya! From the moment we met, I felt super comfortable with her. She truly made my birth experience a beautiful thing. She allowed me to change my mind multiple times about how I wanted my birth to be and she was super supportive every step of the way. She has an amazing attention to detail. My children’s father couldn’t be present at our daughters birth and I was so nervous because I felt like I was going to feel alone. Thanks to Priya she made me feel loved, encouraged and supported and also included him as much as possible. She answered all of my questions and concerns thoroughly and with empathy. She also has a very calm spirit and positive vibe. So blessed that she was my doula. If I get pregnant again in the future, I would definitely love to have her as my doula again!