DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Rebecca Belenky CD(DONA), CLEC, CBE

Rebecca Belenky Doula Services

South Pasadena, CA  Service range 10 miles

313-300-1434

http://www.losangelesbirth.com

Birth Fee

$3000 to $4500

Postpartum Rate

$50

CONTACT REBECCA VIEW REBECCA'S AVAILABILITY

Kim Wedner5/24/2017I hired Rebecca early on in my pregnancy. After speaking with and meeting Rebecca, I knew she was exactly what I needed. Rebecca's energy instantly fills you with a sense of calm and positivity. I said to my partner after I first met her that she is like an all natural anti-anxiety pill. Not only did she help calm my first-time-mom nerves throughout all of my pregnancy and postpartum, she is extremely knowledgeable and comes armed with valuable information about the birthing process, breastfeeding, and adjusting to life with a newborn. During my labor, she intuitively knew what to do and say to help me stay focused, and how to touch me gently in ways to make me more comfortable. My partner also repeatedly commented on how grateful she was for Rebecca's presence to help support her as well. And as if all of that wasn't enough, Rebecca has continued to check-in with me postpartum to offer much needed support and guidance. Overall, she is a dream doula (and human). It's a privilege to have her in our lives as we journeyed into motherhood - and beyond. You would not regret hiring Rebecca for one minute!


Tracy Choy9/18/2015My husband and I were very apprehensive about whether or not we needed a doula for the birth of our first child. We wanted the birthing experience to be a reflection of us, and for it to be an intimate experience to be shared among only ourselves. We didn't even want our family present. However, we realized three weeks before our due date that we couldn't handle everything on our own. I had wanted a natural, drug-free birth and knew that we would need someone to assist my husband in managing my pain through alternative methods. I contacted a few different doulas, but Rebecca stood out in her prompt, thorough and organized responses (she reminded me of myself and how I run my personal business). We wanted to make a decision quickly since we were so close to my due date, so we scheduled a call with Rebecca and she immediately made us feel at ease. We knew right away that we were a perfect match.Was it worth it to hire a doula in the end? Yes, worth every single penny. We could not have made it through without Rebecca. The birth happened quickly and was painful, but we made it through with Rebecca. I still remember the little things she would do that my husband would not have thought of - tying back my hair and bangs so that they wouldn't bother me, stroking me while the doctor and midwife stitched me up after the birth, and talking me through as the initial recovery became more complicated. She was able to help my son latch on during the golden hour when the other nurses couldn't.We never felt like Rebecca was intruding on the experience between my husband and our new son, she was a necessary asset. We wholeheartedly recommend Rebecca to anyone looking for a doula to help them achieve through this life changing experience.


Jason Chan4/6/2015Rebecca was great. She was what we needed - someone knowledgeable and calming during the chaos of labor. She provided a steady peaceful presence with her coaching and support. She was very patient with us and took charge when we needed her to. She is great at communicating with her us via phone calls and emails and was ready to answer any questions we had. She was punctual and a great listener during our pre-birth meetings. We highly recommend Rebecca.


Jennifer Chang3/5/2015Rebecca is a thorough, conscientious, sweet and wonderful human being who is full of grace and has a great sense of humor.  She is passionate about babies and birthing and is a font of knowledge that belies her youthful presence.  It was a great comfort to me that she is also a mother and could relate directly to the experience of birthing and the post partum process.As my doula, Rebecca was a grounding source of suppor for my 2nd baby.  I had prodromal labor (that was progressing my dilation) for weeks, that for whatever reason didn't seem 'to catch.' She patiently calmed me through it, checking in periodically to see how I was doing and letting me do most of the checking in so as to alleviate the "when is baby coming' pressure I was feeling from everyone else in the world including myself!  We even went to the hospital one evening when the contractions got close together, but ended up getting sent home.   While the nurse was somewhat condescending (as if I don't know what labor pains feel like) and made me feel like an idiot, Rebecca was lovely and continued to remind me that I was in fact knowledgeable about my body and the process, and that I was doing all the right things and that I was following my Dr's orders of going to the hospital sooner rather than later.)  Rebecca's style of offering advice, is truly to offer up information and she never suggests anything with 'shoulds' -- which I really appreciated.  She also helped me find a knowledgeable accupuncturist (who was also midwife).When labor finally occurred it was SUPER speedy (2hrs) and Rebecca's presence was exactly what I needed.  She was jovial when I needed so that I could remain present and connected; and quiet/ calm/ serene when the process required my concentration.  During the more intense parts of my labor, Rebecca worked seamlessly with the hospital staff and was literally hands-on, providing massage and verbal support.


Janet Sadeghi10/25/2014Rebecca was a great Doula. I delivered at Glendale Adventist Hospital, in my opinion not a very Doula friendly hospital but Rebecca was very reassuring throughout my labor, had she not been there to support me and my husband I think things would have turned out very differently for me. Thanks Rebecca.