DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
16 TESTIMONIALS

Sahra Malin, CD(DONA)

Sahra Birth and Beyond

Santa Clara, CA  Service range 8 miles  no ferries

2067249966

http://sahrabirthandbeyond.com

Birth Fee

$2700 to $3500

Black Doula

CONTACT SAHRA VIEW SAHRA'S AVAILABILITY

Maron12/2/2020I started meeting with Sahra a month before my birth. She was knowledgable, friendly, attentive, and answered any questions my partner and I had. I had a long birthing experience and Sahra was present and supportive through the process. It was comforting and encouraging to know she was there to help me with different techniques and ways to cope as a first time mom. Thank you Sahra!!! 


Haben Berhe11/1/2020It was a challenging experience due to COVID19 and I was not able to get a doula until last minute. However, within a couple of days of knowing Sahra over the phone, we quickly bonded when I went in  labor. I was very glad to have a doula such as Sahra during my first child birth experience. She was very supportive, gentle, and knowlegable about natural birth techniques. It was a great comfort having her there to help our family through labor and birth!


Danielle4/1/2020We really enjoyed working with Sahra.  She continually forwarded helpful information and resources.  She would regularly check in to see how things were going leading up to the birth both by text and in-person visits.  We appreciated her being there and offering support on the actual birth day.  And it was reassuring to have a postpartum visit as well.  We are glad we chose to work with her.  Thank you!


Marta3/8/2020I don't know where to start but it was such a miracle for me and my husband to meeting with sahra. She knows how to help and understand the situation. Even though we hired Sahra last minute, from the first day we met her. Sahra went above and beyond to help us exhausted every resource and avenue for our labor. I can’t imagine doing labor without her. She is a tremendous doula and such a sweet, loving and caring human being. I felt at peace with her. And I would definitely recommend her to anyone looking for a doula. Thank you sahra for all of your help, and we appreciate you so much!Sincerely Dagi and Marta


Iman Ujaama5/23/2019Sahra was very sweet and professional. The whole time she was very supportive and encouraging I couldn’t possibly have asked for a better doula. Even though a lot of random complications kept popping up during my delivery, she was there going above and beyond for me. I would recommend her to anyone!


Mimi5/1/2019Sahra was amazing! I loved her positivity and genuinely kind attitude. She’s very knowledgeable and helped me get through labor and birth like a warrior! I would definitely want to see her again for future births. 


Tara Elliott1/19/2019We greatly appreciated the special attention Sahra gave us during labor, delivery and postpartum care. She is truly passionate about helping and educating others. Sahra was always available and offered support in person, virtually and supplied a number of valuable resources to access online. Her warm personality, genuwine joy for being a doula and love of children made choosing her a no-brainer. Our first pregnancy/delivery would not have been the same without her.


fardosa mohamed12/28/2018My experience with Sahra Malin was wonderful. First, she welcomed me with open arm and a friendly smile. Secondly, she provided me with a great technique of comfort to relief of the pain. She informed me about the importance of breathing, relaxation, and massages to ease-up pain. Sahra is a wonderful person who is really knowledgeable in medical aspects of labor and delivery. While I was with her, she explained to me and help me understand the procedures of labor and delivery and possible complications in late pregnancy or delivery. And most importantly, I am really grateful that Sahra kept in touch during and after labor and delivery experiences. After giving She even come to my house to check up on us.


Katie Grainger11/26/2018Katie: When I first searched for a doula through Swedish, I was hopeful to find someone who already had experience being a mom and would be a great coach through the birthing process for both myself and my husband. Sahra is so much more than this, she cares deeply for her clients' comfort during labor and delivery. Our labor and delivery ended up taking 27 hours, with 12 hours unmedicated and consisting entirely of back labor, and also resulting in an unplanned c-section at 4 a.m. We were all exhausted from the lack of sleep and Sahra was there till the end. She not only helped me change positions and find some physical comfort during this process, she calmly stood by me and advocated for me when the doctors made suggestions I wasn't initially sold on. If we ever decide to have a second child, I would rehire her without hesitation simply because she is such a positive, encouraging force in the room. And I know that in the years to come, I will always feel connected to this woman because she helped us meet our precious baby boy.Nathan: From the moment we met Sahra, I was certian she would be the person to help Katie give birth to our son. Sahra had a calming demeanor and a great sense of humor, she knows what she's doing and she can communicate it in such a way that made us feel like we would be ready when the time came. I felt included in every step, which enabled me to support my wife in ways I would never have been able to without Sahra's presence. During Katie's delivery Sahra was exceptional, she stayed with us through all of the difficulties and came back while we were recovering to make sure we were doing all right. I would recommend Sahra to anyone looking for a doula.


Amelia Shaw10/25/2018Many thanks to Sahra for participating in our birth experience. It was a pleasure to meet her in the beginning of the doula process. She was genuinely interested in how we envisioned the labor and delivery. I felt very confident that she would be a strong and supportive presence in the room. During labor, my partner very much appreciated having her present so that he could feel comfortable taking breaks when he was exhausted and leaving me in good hands. It gave both of us peace of mind to know she was available for helping me through the night with her various pain coping tools.I would recommend Sahra to anyone looking for an informed doula who is interested in supporting moms and families through this process. She is a sweetheart who knows this process well, and is able to help moms achieve the labor they want in a very caring manner. In my experience, she also always responded to questions I sent her via text in the weeks leading up to delivery, and was more than happy to offer me resources on various pregnancy and labor topics.


Charity Njahira10/25/2018I just had my little boy at Swedish First Hill Campus and it was such a great experience having Sahra Malin with me.She helped me prepare for the birth through her guidance and was very patient and effective at communication whenever I had questions for her during the pregnancy.She was available whenever I needed her.Today as I was coming for induction she was with me and was very helpful from the moment I got here until now that I'm about to go to the post partum room.I loved the massage she gave me on my back during the contraction and active labour.She suggested great positions too that made my labour and contractions bearable.I will wanna have her as my doula again and again in my future pregnancies and deliveries, and I definately recommend her to anyone who's looking at getting a doula.Thanks again Sahra,you're awesome in what you do and keep that up.


Nha Ngo9/21/2018Sahra was an exceptional addition to our care team during our baby’s Labor and delivery. She helped advocate for us when I was not able to speak and helped me stick to my birth plan for as long as I desired. When my plan changed, she continued to be supportive with whatever decision I made. She used different non-medicated techniques to get me through my contractions as I had wished for. She also provided realisric and practical tips that I never knew about since this was my first pregnancy.We are so happy that we had a doula be a part of our team, but especially happy that Sahra came into our lives at such an important and vulnerable time. I would recommend Sahra to anyone desiring a competent, empathetic, and caring doula.Lisa, Matt, and River


sara k6/4/2018I had a wonderful experience with Sahra at each stage. She offered me some resources I had been looking for which I greatly appreciate. During my labor and delivery she was a great support to my husband and I and stayed with us throughout the delivery even though we ended up doing a c-sec because of a complication. Would definitely recommend her highly. Thanks Sahra!


Mariama Camara6/4/2018I had a good experience with her, she’s a wonderful person  to work with. She’s so caring and she is always on time. She was so  supportive am grateful that she share this wonderful moment with me.


adna farah3/20/2018I recently had Sahra as my birth doula for my labor. This is the first time I had a doula although i already have two other boys at home. I thought with this time around, i should have one because a friend of mine suggested her to me. She is a dlilgent and hard worker, and keeps calm under pressure which my husband and I appreciate a lot. we tried so many counter pressure techniques as well as walking, massage, hot tub, and spinning babies techniques. I felt like this is waa my first real birth. in the past I have never tried any of these things, all I did was lay on the bed. So I appreciate Sahra for being there for the most intimate time in our lives. Her techniques, made me Dialate so fast. She doesn’t give up, and she encouraged me even when I disbelieved in myself. after 12 hours of labor she didn’t even look tired at all, she was so energized and kept a smile on her face along the way. Everyone should have a doula like her. After the baby was born I felt so much relief and my self esteem was so high. she valued me although the care providers didn’t, and that means so much to me and my husband. Thank you so much Sahra! I hope to have you as my Doula again.-fardousa & Said


Nasro Ali6/28/2017Sahra was extremely helpful during my labor, I don't know what I would've done without her. She was nearly standing for 18 hours straight and didn't want to leave my sight at all. She was so focused on me and everything else around her didn't really matter. I am so glad that she was my doula. Also, my husband doesn't live in America at the moment but she made me feel so secure and confident in my labor experience. Thank you so much, Sahra for helping me and my little family.