DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
8 TESTIMONIALS

Sarah Hornstein, CD(DONA), CLS

Lifted

Petaluma, CA  Service range 25 miles

415-420-8155

https://www.liftedinbirth.com/

Birth Fee

$2000

CONTACT SARAH VIEW SARAH'S AVAILABILITY

Karen DeCarlo2/22/2023Sarah was an integral part of our birth team! Our first was born during 2020, without doula support. It was a traumatic birth experience, and when I found out I was pregnant with our second I knew I wanted a doula. I interviewed a few people, but Sarah stood out among them as incredibly supportive, knowledgeable, and professional.Sarah was an incredible resource throughout my pregnancy, always answering questions promptly over the phone or text as well as meeting in our home as we prepared for labor. If I wanted to dive deeper into the "why" behind her answers, she would send academic articles, websites, and podcasts so I could go deep in my education. She spoke to my past birth experiences in ways that didn't feel patronizing or triggering, and ensured this next birth would be different. And it was, in large part thanks to Sarah and her presence at the birth itself, as well as all the thoughtful prep work we did together beforehand. Sarah remained in touch well after the birth, as well, for postpartum resources, lactation support, etc.I whole heartedly recommend Sarah to anyone looking for a doula who centers their work around evidence-based practices and patient-centered care. 


Lauren Clough Najera10/26/2022Working with Sarah was the best choice I made along my pregnancy and birthing journey. Sarah is kind, calm, educated and patient. Her prenatal meetings with my husband and I allowed us to get to know her, as well as her to get to know us before the birth. She provided resources and information that helped my husband and I feel educated and knowledable before the birth.When I had an unexpected life event that ended greatly affecting my birth plan, Sarah was calm, supportive and there for me every step of the way. She even brought flowers, birthing mantras and electric candles to make the hospital room more cozy for us. During the birthing process Sarah provided netrual and useful advice and information that helped us make educated medical decisions. Even though my husband and I had taken hours and hours of birthing classess, many of the hospital decisions were still very confusing. Being able to talk things through with Sarah was critical in our positive hospital birthing experience. During labor, Sarah was instrumental in my pain management. She worked great with my husband, taking turns with him, helping to manage my pain. When things felt intense during labor, Sarah's tranquil voice and loving nature helped me feel supported. I honestly don't know what I would have done without her in the delivery room. After I gave birth, Sarah checked in multiple times until we left the hospital. After we left the hospital, Sarah came to our house to offer breastfeeding support and emotional check in time. I felt just so supported by her as a postpartume new mother. A few weeks after my son was born, Sarah came to our house one last time to go over the timeline of our birth. It was so amazing to have her notes of what happened and to be able to hear our birth story from her perspective.I can not recommend Sarah enough! I can't wait for more of my family and friends to be pregnant just so I can have her work with them. 


Alex + Wes Henrie9/12/2022What can I say about Sarah other than she is the absolute best? When I found out I was pregnant with my second, the first thing I did was find a Doula. I worked with a doula for my first (we lived in the South Bay then) and knew, more than anything, it was a must for my second. From the first moment my husband and I met Sarah, we knew she was perfect for our family. She is extremely knowledgable and has deep roots in Evidence Based Birth and the sciences (especially helpful for my highly analytical husband), and is also in touch with the intuitive side of labor (a must for me). We met with her a few times before birth and every time we met her it felt natural - almost like we were catching up with an old friend who happen to be very up to date on pregnancy and birth. When it was go time, she met us at the hospital entrance and - in my 30 or so minutes of active labor (yes it was very fast) she helped me manage pain and gave me opportunities advocate for the birth we envisioned. She also empowered my husband to be a part of the experience. After labor, she stayed with us until we were settled and I could see, more than ever,  how much she loved what she does as she helped me breastfeed my daughter for the first time. In the days and weeks after labor, she was an invaluable resource for, well, other resources in the area. She helped with my daughter's tricky latch and referred me to a lactation consultant and an amazing chiropractic group. In our final visit, we ended up chatting for quite a bit and I am only sad we don't get to see her anymore. I am so grateful to Sarah for helping create a loving, calm environment for our daughter to come into and for empowering my husband and I to trust our instincts. Bonus points: she was amazingly inclusive of my almost-3 year old son and so sweet to our Mini Schnauazer, who made himself at home in her lap whenever she came by. 


Jen White4/14/2022Sarah Hornstein was invaluable and integral to my pregnancy and birth journey. When the third trimester of my pregnancy presented us with some unexpected and stressful hiccups, Sarah remained the calm and thoughtful presence she had always been.  She kept both my husband and I focused on what was most important to us and helped us not only navigate a complicated situation, but find resources we wouldn't have been able to on our own (like a doctor who was experienced in vaginal breech births).  We cannot thank Sarah enough for everything she did during our pregnancy, our baby's birth, and the postpartum period.  She is knowledgeable, able to pivot quickly, and she supports with love, wisdom and kindness -  all qualities that made her such an excellent doula during my pregnancy and birth journey.  We were so happy to have her by our side as our child was born!


Anne Pennypacker1/30/2022My newborn son was quietly resting in his bassinet, my tired but relieved husband was sitting next to me on the bed, and myself, sitting across from Sarah who was patiently massaging my puffy feet and ankles with creamy, scentless lotion while supportively reminding me about self care, rehashing the labor, suggesting breastfeeding approaches and asking questions about our new parenthood experiences. Peaceful confidence filled our hearts at the beginning of this new chapter, and we can thank Sarah for this feeling, without a doubt.We had it so good with Sarah, we simply didn't want it to end. She was a complete natural and is without a doubt, serving her calling with compassion and dedication. Saying that Sarah was a great doula wouldn't be enough to describe the incredible intuitive support Sarah provided us before, during and after my baby's birth.  She provided information that supported us directly; references, local biz's, links and helpful answers to all questions. Her text and call check-ins were comforting, her visits were invigorating and hearing from her afterwards is always a treat. Soon I realized I was charging into our estimated due date with confidence, fearlessness and a focus to do it my way. I wasn't overthinking, I was in 'go mode' and I knew I had a fantastic support team. Sarah supported me and my husband during the labor with calming breathing exercises, positions and pressure points that  became the most helpful vehicles to maintaining focus and peace throughout the labor. In the end, she provided nourishing bone broth, information about the labor and amazing emotional support. As the expectations for me to hold and care for my baby settled in, I felt held and cared for by Sarah, so much so that I had the positive confidence and energy to fully embrace motherhood right away. She was an amazing guide through this transition in my life and I would whole-heartedly recommend her to anyone and everyone. 


Skylar Drake11/10/2021Working with Sarah was a game changer! I was so anxious about birth when we found Sarah and did not have a lot of confidence in my body's ability to deliver a baby. Sarah was an essential part of our team and helped me to completely turn around that fear and prepare for an amazing birth. She recommended a stellar birth education class and kept in regular touch with me throughout the second half of my pregency. Her prenatal meetings were so helpful to my partner and I in preparing and practicing comfort measures. I ended up having a successful, unmedicated birth that I was entirely ready for and feel so good about. Sarah brought tools, perspective, and a grounding presence that helped me to feel entirely supported throughout the whole process. If I have another baby I will work with Sarah again, and won't hesitate to recommend her to any expecting parents!


Melanie Markwood2/12/2021The best decision I made during my pregnancy was to hire Sarah. She went above and beyond any kind of expectation I had and far exceeds the definition of a "Doula". She is a wealth of knowledge and provided every recourse possible during a time when my resources were very limited due to COVID-19. She gave my husband and I a huge sense of relief and comfort during my pregnancy, labor and postpartum. We went from going through the motions of preparing for a vaginal birth to preparing for a cesarean due to my baby being breach. I felt so confident and empowered going into  our birth experience because we had Sarah by our side. I could not recommend her enough and am so honored to have had her expertise, love and support during the most impactful time of our lives. She truly puts her heart and soul into her work. I couldn't thank her enough. 


Channah & Jon10/5/2020We found Sarah via our midwives at the Santa Rosa Birth Center. Hiring her was one of the best decisions we made while preparing for the birth of our first child! The pandemic took away our ability to participate in in-person, hands-on birthing classes so hiring a doula to fill that gap was one of our motivating factors.From the first video call we had, we knew that Sarah was going to be our doula! She asked honest and direct questions that we hadn't thought of, set the stages of how she would be involved in our prenatal, labor and postpartum courses and followed up our first meeting (and every subsequent meeting) with an e-mail containing great resources that were pertinent to our conversations and stage.We established safety measures and mutual comforts that allowed for Sarah to come to our home to provide hands-on laboring practice, taught us breathing exercises and engaged us in conversation, helping us to develop our birth preferences. With each meeting, we realized more and more that we had hit the doula jackpot!We had 3 prenatal visits with Sarah and she was on call for us from 38 weeks on. She checked-in frequently to give support and when labor day came, she was readily available. She provided my husband and I with great support while I labored at home. She was able to accompany us to the hospital and played an essential role in my successful unmedicated vaginal birth. Sarah intuitively knew exactly what I needed emotionally and how I needed to be touched during labor without me asking. She has this great energy about her which fit in so seamlessly with us and the rest of the care team.Her postpartum and lactation support has been invaluable and has been a great contributor to our success with breastfeeding. Sarah has gone above and beyond at every stage of our care. You can tell that she genuinely cares about us and our birth experience.  We would recommend her to anyone without hesitation!