DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
4 TESTIMONIALS

Sarah Gecsey

Fearless Mama Birth

Garden Grove, CA  Service range 15 miles

7144027691

https://www.fearlessmama.me/

Birth Fee

$800

CONTACT SARAH VIEW SARAH'S AVAILABILITY

Kayla Valle2/25/2023Sarah was amazing throughout my pregnancy and the delivery room. It was my first time with a doula so I wasn't sure what to expect but I couldn't have been happier with my experience. She checked on me through my pregnancy & any hiccup I experienced she was knowledgeable on, or would send me research/articles to help. She was also very supportive of everything I wanted throughout delivery. Sarah continues to keep in touch postpartum as well which I thought was really great, I feel like I could still text her at anytime and she would be eager to help anyway she could. I highly recommend her for any situation, hospital or home birth, you won't regret it. It was a pleasure having her by my side for such a big moment in our lives and I'd love to have her again in the future!


Sarah Wolff7/14/2022My husband and I were so grateful to have Sarah as our doula. She was very knowledgeable and supportive throughout the entire pregnancy, labor, and new motherhood journey. She gave us tons of resources and advice of how to prepare for labor and helped us be comfortable with a general idea of what we could expect. She helped empower me to be excited about the labor process and not fear it. It was very important for us to have a non-medicated labor, and Sarah was very supportive and helped enable us to achieve that. She is very patient, easy to work with, and is not pushy at all. I'm sure she would be supportive no matter one's birth plans. She has been gentle, kind, and I still value her as a friend and resource today! 


Kendra Gomez7/10/2022My husband and I were so lucky to have chosen Sarah as our doula. During labor she came over to my house to help me through the contractions and she was so helpful with the timing of when to go to the hospital. Once we got to the hospital she did everything she could to try and make my birth experience a positive one and she was so helpful to myself and my husband. I really wanted her to take pictures and videos of my brith and they came out amazing and I still look back on them today. Hiring Sarah as our doula is a decision we don't regret to this day! She is amazing and we are so happy we did! 


Megan Rose6/15/2021Sarah was so amazing throughout our whole journey. She is passionate about what she does and really cares for her clients. She was always just a text or call away with answers to my silly or paranoid questions. She was laid back but also professional and knew how to cover all the bases prior to labor so we were on the same page. She provided several useful resources for us leading up to birth and was very reachable as the labor quickly approached. She made sure I knew what my rights were and was there to help me advocate for myself. During my labor she wasnt overbearing, she offered wise suggestions and support during the most critical moments. She also took photos and video of my delivery that I will cherish forever. I still say to this day I could not have gotten through it without her help! Overall I am very greatful for her service and would recommend her to anyone needing a Doula.