DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
6 TESTIMONIALS

Shelly Paskowitz

Mission Viejo, CA  Service range 30 miles

https://shellypaskowitzbirthdoula.com/

Birth Fee

$150 to $2100

CONTACT SHELLY VIEW SHELLY'S AVAILABILITY

Dominika Barnas7/30/2023As first-time parents living in an area without friends and family to connect with in our pregnancy, my partner and I wanted to attempt an unmedicated birth, but were nervous in navigating expectations for what the hospital and midwifery experience would look like, especially if there were unexpected changes to our “plan” along the way. We wanted to have a personal and intimate experience while someone who truly felt like they knew us advocated for our hopes while we stayed in the moment. When I say that we could not have asked for a better person to help guide us in our journey and was there for us every step of the way, it’s a grave understatement to what Shelly’s presence meant. She was always available to proactively provide information, answer questions, tend to a late-night emergency we experienced in the second trimester, make us feel heard in our opinions, and completely validate us in our feelings along the way. At the onset of early labor, we surrendered to Shelly’s calm demeanor and she executed her role perfectly in arriving at our home in a quick manner, staying by my side as I labored in the tub, and helping me work through my pressure waves while getting dressed and heading to the hospital while assuring my partner of all that was happening in the process and making sure his needs were met and concerns heard. Thanks to Shelly’s all-around support and the confidence we built in our relationship along the way, we were able to execute an entirely unmedicated birth after only being in the hospital for 1.5 hours. Shelly is a true professional, passionate about her role, and so well-regarded in the community. She was 110% the confidant we needed and believe that we would not have had such a positive birth without her helping hand. Thank you, Shelly, for all that you do and for making such a huge impact on our lives.


Brittany Clapp4/17/2023Shelly has been our doula for the birth of our two babies and honestly we couldn't have a baby without her!  Neither of our births followed our birth plan exactly (these babies have their own plans that's for sure!) but Shelly was with us every step of the way and helped give us advice on next steps to keep us as close to our desired plan as possible. She is such a calming presence and wealth of knowledge and saved us from going to the hospital unnecessarily multiple times! She also came over when I had some prodromal labor and helped me do positions to make me most comfortable. When baby actually came she was right there with me ensuring I was as comfortable as possible through our natural birth. And after she helped set us up on our positive breastfeeding journey and came to visit a week later to ensure everything at home was going well. Adding a new baby to your family is such a huge life change but with Shelly's support and guidance you'll feel as prepared as possible - she is such an important part of our family and we couldn't recommend her enough!


Brittany Ireland4/7/2023Early on in my pregnacy with my daughter, I decided that I wanted to explore an unmedicated birth. Not totally sure where to start, I began talking to friends and family members who had gone this route and they strongly recommended that I look into doula support.In my first conversation with Shelly, something clicked and I knew she would be the perfect partner for both myself and my husband. Being that it was my first pregnancy, I was so grateful for the Shelly's weekly check-ins and the time she spent with my husband and I in our home in the final weeks of my pregnancy. When I went into labor at 39 weeks, Shelly was there ever step of the way and helped me labor at home for as long as possible, which was my wish. I put my full trust in her and she was the absolute best partner and advocate when we got to the hospital, helping me progress quickly until it was time to start pushing. I never had a single moment of panic or doubt during my entire labor and delivery and I feel that her calm and gentle presence was key in the sense of calm I felt as I brought our daughter into the world.Beyond labor and delivery, Shelly helped us get acclimated to life as a family of three. She talked me through tough times postpartum with hormones and breastfeeding and referred me to an amazing specialist that was able to release my daughter's tongue/lip tie and, essentially, save my breastfeeding journey.Shelly truly went above and beyond for our family and is such a huge part of our birth story. We are so grateful that we found her and will utilize her sevices in the future if/when we decide to grow our family again! 


Marissa4/7/2023Shelly was absolutely amazing! My husband and I are eternally grateful for her support and coaching. Shelly visited us twice before it was go time and provided us with a ton of support and resources for both labor and postpartum care. She was accessible via phone 24/7 and never made us feel bad or awkward for asking new parent questions !!! During labor, she came to our house and was there with my every step of the way and allowed for my husband to get some rest before we headed to the hospital. She is very kind and knowledgeable and we both felt at ease and in good hands. She advocated for me while we were at the hospital with a few things that came up and alleviated my stress. She followed up with us after and helped with breastfeeding challenges. Thank you Shelly for being a part of the most special moments of our lives! Highly recommend Shelly and if we weren't moving out of state, we would have her back for baby number 2, whenever that is!


Samantha and Andrew4/4/2023We love Shelly! Her support throughout our pregnancy, labor and delivery, and lactation expertise gave us the confidence we needed to have the natural birth experience we wanted so badly. I felt totally prepared going into labor and supported and empowered all the way through birth. I do not think I would have been able to accomplish a medication free birth without her support! I cannot reccomend her highly enough!


Jennifer Ferris3/27/2023My husband and I determined early on that we wanted to hire the services of a doula for the birth of our first child.  Shelly came highly recommended from our doctor and midwives. After our first initial contact on the phone we knew that she was going to be the perfect resource.  She helped us before and after ‘the big day’ by providing guidance and information on all kinds of topics through texts or phone calls. We also had several in person meetings with her. Shortly after the start of labor she arrived at our house and was the coach we needed from start to finish.  Her positive and calming presence and her knowledge of the birthing process proved to be invaluable pre and postpartum.  Thank you very much, Shelly, we couldn't have done it without you.