DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
6 CERTIFICATIONS
7 TESTIMONIALS

Tabitha Lynn

Doula Tab LLC

Chula Vista, CA  Service range 25 miles

619-370-3248

https://www.doulatab.com

Birth Fee

$2000 to $2750

Postpartum Rate

$55

Availability Remarks: I am vaxxed (Moderna: 1/14/2021, 2/11/2021, 11/6/2021, 4/4/2022, 11/4/2022), and only work in the homes of vaccinated clients. I wear masks while in clients' homes.

CONTACT TABITHA VIEW TABITHA'S AVAILABILITY

Min Zhao4/3/2023Tab is great! She is very professional and takes good care of our baby. As first-time parents, we can't imagine how messy it would have been if Tab wasn't here. We have already started a contract to hire her for our second baby. I highly recommend Tab to other parents. 


Chelsea B10/11/2021Tabitha came to our help at the last minute after the birth of our 4th baby and extremely difficult circumstances. We were desperate and alone with no help from family and moving with a 2 week old baby. She was ready and willing to come in and support us in any way that I needed, even including packing my room and the baby's things when it was just all to much for me to handle. She was kind and patient and brought peace snd support to me during a very tumultuous time! 


Madeleine9/22/2021Tabitha is truly an incredible person and resource. Initially, I wanted to hire a doula to help support myself and my husband during the labor and delivery of our first child but once I hired Tabitha, I recieved so much more than that. Tabitha was always thoughtful, checking in and answering any questions that popped in my mind before I was in labor. She also went through a comprehensive birth plan with me to make sure myself, my husband and I were all on the same page before the big moment. When I was induced and contractions began, Tabitha was never more than an arm's length away helping guide me through the pain of contractions and instructing my husband on how to physically and mentally support me. Towards the end of my delivery, there were a few scary moments and Tabitha absolutely reassured me and kept me calm. And in the end, she was able to capture some amazing images of my daughter coming into the world.My husband and I will forever be grateful to Tabitha and the impact she made during our daughter's birth. I would highly recommend Tabitha to anyone looking for a doula. 


Jessica Anderson9/21/2021Tabitha was a God send for us!! Being a first time mom my main priorities were; making sure my husband and I had that extra level of support, knowledge, and care.With Covid restrictions changing constantly i was able to take comfort in knowing that, regardless of any updates I would still have my doula.My husband and I did have another doula contracted for our big day, but she was out of town when I did go into labor. She contacted Tabitha, as well as my husband and I feel like within minutes Tabitha was already communicating with us.As soon as I left triage and had a labor room, Tabitha was there! She stayed with us from start to finish and was my solid ground when those deep, hard contractions came. My wishes were to have a natural vaginal delivery without medication and I was able to carry that out with the support of Tabitha. The way she was able to lock eyes with me and breath through my contractions along side me, that will forever stay fresh in my mind. She let me cry and complain and then would boost me up with positive words and encouragement. I couldnt imagine doing it all without her! Im so thankful she was there for us.I cant say enough good things about Tabitha! Such a sweet,kind and soft spoken person who can bring so much to your labor and delivery experience. Forever Thankful,Jessica Anderson  


Sourav Banerjee5/13/2019Tabitha has been great with our son. As our postpartum doula, she also gave the confidence boost and guidance that my wife needed as a first-time mom. She's knowledgeable, efficient, and reliable, and has a lot of experience about childcare. She's friendly and approachable, and parents can ask questions easily. She is the ideal postpartum support for new parents, and I highly recommend her.


Marlon & Triena Sharpe3/21/2019Ms Maria was essential in the beginning stages of the birth. She was observant to address the concerns for my family and birthing mother and father and any questions from other family members. Her presence was always needed and appreciated while providing comfort to my family. Due to the shift change and long labor process, we were allowed two Doulas.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Ms Tabitha was profoundly knowledgable in all regards to the birthing and provided assistance with effective communication betweeen our family dynamics. During times of serious concern, she provided answers and relayed the necessary information to ensure defusing the anxieties and frustration that were mounting. Her sensitive nature and kind mannerism proved essential to us when moving from the labor and delivery room. This service is essential for those under various circumstances such as first time births, limited room capacities for personnel, offering clear and practical explanations about terminology used frequently by doctors and nurses that appear foreign to families and patients. If your thinking, websites now grant this insite, my response is websites do not provide tangible human comfort, nor are we assured about the creditbility of the answers they provide. 


Christina Humphries12/4/2018Tabitha was wonderful throughout my birth experience. She helped advocate for me, explained  interventions and most importantly just talked to me. She coached my pushing which was very helpful and I was able to push for one hour, giving birth faster than I expected. 10/10 would recommend to anyone who is looking for extra birth support.