DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
21 TESTIMONIALS

Tami Jervis

Doula Tami

Orange, CA  Service range 20 miles

7148698744

http://www.doulatami.com

Birth Fee

$1500 to $1800

CONTACT TAMI VIEW TAMI'S AVAILABILITY

Olivia7/19/2023Having Tami as an integral part of our birth team was a true privilege and joy. We couldn't have imagined the pregnancy, birth or postpartum process without her talent, knowledge, encouragement, confidence, peace and insight. Tami advocated for our goals and was a pillar of strength and support when we needed it most. Her presence in the hospital was crucial as she guided our process and directed the nurses for our benefit. The birth process can be daunting and overwhelming, but Tami's experience and expertise gave us immense calmness and helped us feel equipped/prepared throughout every step of the process. I am so thankful for Tami's ongoing support. For anyone expecting a sweet bundle of joy, I can assure you that Tami's involvement in your story will be a gift to your hearts and your baby's life. 


Tania McKee6/6/2023Choosing Tami to be part of our birth team was one of the best decisions we made! She is extremely knowledgeable and experienced. Her presence is warm, calming, and reassuring. She made me feel comfortable and helped me find confidence as my birth plan changed during labor. I’m beyond grateful to her for her support! 


Alicia Reimer6/6/2023It’s been a month! Where has time flown. As I sit here and look at my baby, all I can think of is gratitude. I have an immense amount of gratitude for Tami. She helped educate me during the process of pregnancy, including how to stay healthy, what to expect, the natural biology of childbirth, and more. She encouraged me during the labor process, calming me down, and coaching me through the childbirth experience. Without the wisdom she bestowed on me and the encouragement she provided, I don’t know if I would have had a healthy natural birth. She honored my wishes and advocated for me in the labor room. Additionally, she included my husband through the entire process. She was there for both of us, alleviating any worries my husband had, while creating a strong team unit. The spinning babies course worked wonders in preparation and her baby essentials course was great. I felt like her one on one courses were like attending private school, whereas the hospital courses I took were like attending public school. Just a huge difference in quality and overall knowledge. I highly recommend Tami. She is worth every penny and more. Pretty sure there’s a special place in heaven for her!!


Brittany Baker2/15/2023After a previous traumatic birth/infant loss I knew I needed extra support for my next labor and after lots a searching found Tami. It was the hardest labor of my four and I cannot express enough how much of a difference she made. I was so nervous bringing another person into our space and she made me feel so comfortable. She helped me sort out what I was feeling and what I really needed and wanted. Knew all the things to help my baby get in position. Talked, laughed and held me through the toughest contractions for hours. I told my husband afterwards that I'm never going through labor without Tami again! 5 stars. 10/10. 


Chrissy Reilly2/6/2023I cant say enough amazing things about Tami Jervis. She not only opened my eyes to the beautiful aspects of birth, but she helped me create a birth plan and stick to it! She educated my husband and I and most importantly supported us until our baby girl entered the world. I absolutely could not have done it without her! She took so much stress off of my shoulders and helped advocate for me so I could focus on every breathe I took. I highly recommend Tami and I will absolutely have her present if I have another baby! 


Meredith10/12/2022Tami is an absolute joy! She is knowledgeable, patient, encouraging, and a great advocate. I have high risk pregnancies that require induction a week early. After experiencing a negative side effect to an epidural with my 3rd birth I chose not to have an epidural with my 4th, but was unable to find a lot of support to help prepare me for a Petocin induction without an epidural. Thankfully things went smoothly, but when I was expecting my 5th baby, I knew I needed to find a doula to support me through the birth. I was so grateful a friend referred Tami to me! It was very important to me to find someone that was comfortable in a hospital setting. Tami and my first nurse worked so well together providing me with information and options as baby and I progressed. When decisions needed to be made, Tami helped ground me with facts, and cleared the room so my husband and I could make the choice that felt best to us. Once we made a decision Tami supported us completely. When I was in transition, completely focused, and unable to really talk, Tami knew exactly what I needed. She always gave my husband the chance to assist (when he felt comfortable). During that last part of the birth there was a bad call made by the second nurse and Tami handled that situation so well, respectful but assertive (when it was absolutely necessary). Births are unpredictable, and with some of my past births I looked back with a lot of "what if's" or regret for not asking more questions or being a better advocate for myself. Even though things didn't go exactly as I expected or planned, months later I still feel so confident that I made the best choices along the way this time. I cannot adequately express how invaluable Tami was and I am forever grateful she was there to walk with us through our pregnancy and birth. 


Ashlynn Wilson10/8/2022We are so unbelievably grateful to have had a friend recommend Tami to us for our birth. From our first FaceTime, we clicked with Tami immediately. We worked with her for a birth education class as well as for our doula the day of our labor. All I can say is I cannot imagine a birth without Tami there. She is so knowledgeable, caring and goes out of her way for everything. She was considerate to our wants and helped educate us on all our options. During labor, I was able to keep going with her constant encouragement and support when things changed quickly. If you are looking for a doula, I cannot recommend Tami enough to be the perfect addition to your team!


Rosalie Langley10/5/2022Tami was an incredible doula! I honestly don't know what I would have done without her! I had a wonderful birth experience, a natural birth in a hospital, and she was right by my side through the whole thing. She always had awesome suggestions during my pregnancy, and supplied me with all the information and education I needed to have an empowering birth. Her support and kindness filled me with so much calm and confidence, before and during labor. She checked in on me frequently during my postpartum period also. Basically I can't recommend her enough!


Natalie Wilson10/5/2022I seriously cannot imagine my birth without the loving presence of Tami! She was everything I wanted in a doula and more! She knew my wants before I went into labor and went above and beyond. She was there encouraging me, moving my body with each contraction, and massaging  me through the most intense moments. She is a gift sent from above and I was so honored to have her throughout my pregnancy and through my labor.


Jenna5/10/2022Tami was an amazing resource!  This being my first baby, I was feeling very ignorant in the process of preparing for the birth. My doctor really gave me little to no information to prepare but Tami met with us and helped us make decisions for what our ideal birth could look like, gave us practical exercises, and encouraged us to know that we could do this. When I started laboring at home, knowing Tami was only a text or phone call away gave us confidence to stay home longer before going to the hospital. During active labor, Tami guided my husband to help me into different positions to maximize effective contractions and acted as a calming presence. Even though nurses came and went, Tami was a constant presence which provided us with peace. We highly recommend her! 


Laura Vogt4/22/2022On March 10, 2022 at 1:23pm I did (what I believed to be) the impossible, I had a home birth. Looking back on that journey I know 100% without a doubt I could not have accomplished my dream of a home birth V-back if it were not for my support system. This support system included, Tami Jervis as my doula. Tami was not only invested in the labor and birth process but she was there for me from the moment my husband and I decided to include her as a member of our support team. I was told doula’s are the human epidural and that is the best definition I could give of Tami. She brought peace and serenity to me and comforted my soul in ways I didn’t realize I needed before and during birth. She endured 13 hours of painful back labor with me and I could not have birthed my beautiful baby girl without her by my side. She kept me positive and relaxed through contractions and helped me heal from my previous birth trauma. I attribute the fact that I was able to go unmedicated to Tami. If you are looking to hire a doula, Tami would be the perfect addition to your birth team!


Stephanie Carter4/21/2022I cannot rave enough about my experience with Tami as my doula. She is the support you want by your side during the entire pregnancy and birth experience! She is loving, encouraging, supportive, wise, knowledgeable, and will be your ADVOCATE.During pregnancy she went out of her way to give me incredible resources for pregnancy hip and back pain, questions about medicines/food, exercise, books, nutrition, and emotional support. Around 36 weeks - as I approached birth - I started texting Tami almost everyday and she responded instantly. If she didn't know the answer to something, she would find it. She provided total peace of mind for me up to birth. I can't rave enough about how her support was the whole experience - spiritual, mental, physical... everything. She just wants to be there for YOU! She personalizes her support to what you NEED!When birth came, Tami was amazing. I had an unmedicated birth and I could not have gotten through it without her. She has the perfect balance of being warm and kind but also aggressive when it comes to being your advocate. She pushed for me to be able to move around with the heart rate monitors and get my birthing pool filled as fast as possible. She laid out my options when they wanted to keep me for the night for monitoring. My birth was so fast that no midwives of doctors were there when my son decided to come. She was so knowledgeable in the moments after the baby was born and knew exactly what to do - calling for the midwives right away and helping untangle the cord. She will make you feel SAFE! After my birth, she pushed for me to keep my placenta attached. She gave me such confidence and peace of mind in myself! She helped me trust my intuition like no other. She has changed the way I look at motherhood and birth! I am changed in SUCH a positive way since knowing Tami! She will be a friend for life!I am certain there is no one better to be your doula!


Rebecca and Jason Madsen4/20/2022From day one, I had a wonderful experience working with Tami. I came home and told my husband, “we are hiring a doula” to which his response was, “absolutely – whatever you need” (though he didn’t realize what that would fully entail until later). Tami listened to our desires and wishes for pregnancy and delivery, and she was there every step of the way.My birth plan was to have the least amount of medical interventions and go as natural as possible. Tami was fully supportive. She helped me prepare emotionally, mentally and physically. She also gave wise counsel on how to navigate a couple of really difficult situations.The service that Tami provides is truly invaluable and did not end with the delivery in the birthing center. She checked up on us a week later to see how we were adjusting as a new family of four.It is clear that being a doula is a passion and calling for her. We highly recommend you hire Tami because she is a rock star!


Rebecca and Jason Madsen4/16/2022From day one, Rebecca had a wonderful experience working with doula Tami. Jason was informed by Rebecca of hiring Tami and Jason was happy to have extra support and guidance (though he didn't fully realize what that would entail until later). Rebecca's birth plan was to have the least amount of interventions possible and go all natural. Tami was fully supportive and walked both Jason and Rebecca through every step of the pregnancy. Rebecca met with Tami for a walk at 38 weeks and felt confident a 


Rachel P4/8/2022Tami was an amazing source of support for my husband and I during our first birth. We had a surprise premature delivery and Tami dropped everything to be there for us, even when it was unexpected. She has a calming presence and knowledge that will be used to advocate for your best birth experience. I would highly recommend her to anyone considering hiring a doula.


Michelle Haakenson3/10/2022Tami was a part of three of my birth experiences. I wouldn't have wanted to do it without her. She was both an incredible advocate and encouragement to me. She is very knowledgeable and intuitive to your needs in the moment. After raising 4 of my own children Tami was the doula and helped bring my first grand child into the world!!! She is AMAZING and I highly recommend her. 


Kaitlyn Tripp3/9/2022We are so thankful we found Tami! I was pregnant with my first baby and dreamed of a home birth. My husband and I didn't fully understand the importance of a doula until my water broke. I called Tami immediately and she told me what to expect next and had her phone ready for when we needed her to come. We quickly found out I needed her from beginning to end. The second Tami showed up and started coaching me through contractions, I was able to relax and breathe through them. My husband was great, but we needed Tami. She gave him breaks throughout the night and she stayed beside me every step of the way. She spoke affirmations over me and moved me into different positions to feel more comfortable. I know without a doubt I wouldn’t have been able to do an unmedicated birth without her help. When fear crept in, she would remind me I was created for this. She listened to every need and was always a step ahead in anticipation of what I would need next. Tami made sure my husband and I were and team and supported us the entire way. I am such an advocate for using a doula and I will have Tami there for all my labors! 


Anna1/25/2022I contracted with Tami to be my doula for my third birth because my goal was to have a vbac hospital birth and I knew that I might need the extra support to advocate for what I wanted. I am so thankful that I had her by my side! From the start Tami was extremely knowledgable and helpful in providing pregnancy and birth education- I learned a lot even though it was my third birth! She was a great cheerleader in the difficult weeks leading up to birth- checking in, sharing tips, sharing helpful exercises to help me progress toward birth and to relieve pain/discomfort. Our conversations leading up to birth helped prepare mentally and emotionally for what was ahead. At the hospital, she was so supportive, encouraging, positive and helpful - it brought so much peace to have her there. She helped me stay active and moving to help labor move along and intuitively knew when I needed to change positions. In the end I was able to have a beautiful vbac, without an epidural which was my goal. Afterwards it was really helpful to have Tami there to explain what was going on and to remember the experience together. I would recommend Tami again and again. She's the best!


Emily Haakenson10/19/2021Working with Tami was such a gift! She walked us through the entire experience in a personal and excellent way.I felt so equipped and prepared for what to expect after going through child birth classes with us. She continually perused and encouraged me as I waited for labor to begin naturally almost 2 weeks past my due date. She was present and helpful during the labor process and she checked up on my recovery post partum and was available to help with navigating learning to breastfeed. If you have the chance to hire Tami as your doula, I highly recommend you do it! 


Liz Burch10/13/2021Wow! What a gift Tami Jervis has been to our family. Tami helped my husband and I deliver our firstborn son in 2011. I had always desired to have a natural childbirth, and Tami helped make that possible. The knowledge and confidence Tami gave me not only helped prepare me for that labor, it also later prepared me for the labors of my two daughters as well. Her ability to encourage and empower women in childbirth is amazing! She is a gift and I would recommend her 1000%!


Laurel10/13/2021Tami was so helpful to me in my children's births! I had different circumstances and environments for each, and she was my constant.  During my labor, she was a respectful cheerleader to both my husband and I as he partnered with me in my pain management and relaxation. She gently redirected when necessary, and encouraged me along the way...it truly gave me so much needed confidence. She has a way of being unobtrusive to the family experience, yet supporting all the way.  She offers a great balance of knowledge and intuition that was a blessing to our family. She has a passion for this work and is a gift to those she supports!