DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
5 TESTIMONIALS

Thais M. Schweitzer

The Dream Doula

San Mateo, CA  Service range 35 miles

http://www.thedreamdoula.me

Birth Fee

$1950

Postpartum Rate

$50

Availability Remarks: Daytime doula only.

CONTACT THAIS VIEW THAIS'S AVAILABILITY

Kelly Diep5/25/2023Thais was our postpartum night doula for six weeks after our son was born.  She did a wonderful job helping us at night and providing relief and comfort during a very stressful and tiring time during the newborn stage.  She was always on time, willing to go above and beyond (e.g., she took the initiative to organize the nursery) and was always very professional.  She cared deeply about our son and provided helpful advice, particularly with regards to nursing and our son's sleeping.  As first time parents, we appreciated all of her guidance, which was always provided without judgment.  She was also receptive to our wishes.  I slept better knowing she was watching over our son. I already miss her and would definitely recommend her to any family. 


Katerina4/18/2023I can highly recommend Thais. I am confident that my successful VBA2C (vaginal birth after 2 c-sections) happened only due to Thais's support. Thais is extremely educated, kind and supportive person. She was advocating for me in the hospital when doctors were not supportive to my decisions. Thais knows many massaging techniques that significantly decreased the pain during contractions. Moreover, I felt very comfortable to be with Thais in delivery room and we even had a very nice laugh between the contractions :)


Niro4/3/2023My wife and I had our first child recently and as first time parents we were unprepared for all that entailed. After coming home from the hospital, Thais was there to greet us and help us as we transitioned from the hospital to our new life at home. She worked with our family for several weeks, taking care of our daughter and helping to clean up after all the baby related things (which is surprisingly a lot for a newborn). I would highly recommend hiring her to help you if you are looking for it!


Nico E.3/29/2023Highly recommend Thais who is knowledgeable, caring and a pleasure to work with. My wife and I asked Thais to help as a night nurse for five nights and were incredibly happy with her services. She was punctual every evening and highly autonomous in caring for our 6-week old baby during the night while we were sleeping. As an added bonus, she gave us great advice and we loved the detailed summary she sent in the moring reporting on how the night went.


Prerna Gupta3/24/2023Thais is an exceptional doula and a wonderful person, and we were so lucky to have her as our doula. She first started working with us when our original doula had to go out of town unexpectedly. Our son immediately took to her and loved her very much. When our doula came back, we asked Thais to stay to care for our son on weekends, because we just couldn't part with her! Thais is a natural with babies. She has a gentle, loving energy that babies immediately sense. She has an incredible instinct with how to make babies happy and keep them calm, and I learned so much from her as a first-time mother. Thais is also very calm herself and never gets flustered or perturbed. She is hard-working, reliable, proactive, thoughtful, honest, creative, loving, warm and kind. She brings a wealth of experience in childcare and applies that knowledge to every aspect of her job. I trusted her completely with the wellbeing of our son, and when she was with him, I felt at ease knowing he was in the best possible care. I can't say enough good things about Thais! Any family would be lucky to have her as their doula.