DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
29 TESTIMONIALS

Tiffany Turner & Maddy Marshall

Birth at Tiffany's

Cypress, CA  Service range 35 miles

9499336295

Birth Fee

$150 to $3500

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Katie7/10/2023Tiffany Turner was my doula for my third child. As a 40 year old single mother who had not given birth in 15 years I had many concerns about delivering on my own. Tiffany allayed all my concerns and remained constant from the time we started working together, to the baby's birth, to follow up calls and a visit during the early weeks. She is also extremely knowledgeable about techniques during birth. This was my third natural birth and Tiffany helped me achieve this even though I did not have a partner, friend or family member present. She applied her knowledge, experience, and compassion to help me through labor and delivery. I highly recommend Tiffany as a doula! 


Brittany5/24/2023Of my 72+ hours of labor, Tiffany was there for ONE hour of labor (3 hours total). My partner and I hired a doula so that I would have the extra support for the birth of our first child. Unfortunately, Tiffany didn’t provide that for me. If you and your partner want a virtual assistant then maybe Tiffany’s services will be helpful for you. I wanted someone in person to assist with my labor. When selling me on her service, she verbally described physical help while laboring at home, meeting us at the hospital, a “bag of tricks” to assist with laboring, and setting up the hospital room (dim lighting, projector, diffusers, etc…), of which she did NONE.She never even contacted me when I went past my due date.She never went to an appointment with me.She told my partner she’d be at the hospital after lunch, but she never arrived.She never called me and my partner while we labored at home. She only texted.For over 48 hours I was in back labor having contractions every 3-5 minutes (5-1-1 to 3-1-1) while laboring at home, and Tiffany was nowhere to be seen. It wasn’t until my partner texted her that I was 10cm and told her that we were pushing that she decided to head to the hospital.To say we were disappointed is an understatement. Even our nurses made several comments in disbelief that she wasn’t there. Thankfully my partner and the nurses at the hospital were amazing.


Rosita Aguila11/6/2022I prepared so much for the arrival of my baby. I never imagined that my idea of ??a natural childbirth would exceed my expectations. Everything flowed so perfectly! Only incredible people were by my side to make that moment something magical, real and conscious. Tiffany and her daughter created a peaceful, relaxing, romantic environment. The presence of God was noticed at all times! I know that he guided all of who were in that place... When I find myself in my moments of weakness in my postpartum period, I return to that moment full of power and magic and immediately all fear goes away. It was a moment of power, of control that exceeded all expectations! Tiffany came into my life to be a great blessing! After my delivery I found myself lost, confused and full of emotions. She and her team never hesitated to lend me a helping hand. Full of compassion and respect, they came to my house to leave me a bowl of lentils, which was one of the foods that managed to glue together every broken part of my being. Days later I found myself in an emergency situation with my baby and again Tiffany did not hesitate to guide me in the right direction! People like them were born to be the light in the midst of so much confusion. The arrival of a baby is the most beautiful moment for every woman, but it also breaks all schemes. It comes into our lives to confront our own shadowed of passed emotions. People like Tiffany make that journey less confusing. My dear and loving Tiffany and team, Thank you very much for your compassion, respect and guidance I will be eternally grateful for everything you have done for me , my family and my baby! Keep impacting the world with your light! My family and love you! 


Silvia3/22/2022Tiffany was exactly the doula I imagined supporting my birth. From the first moment we made contact she was responsive and genuinely warm, someone who makes you feel instantly comfortable. Tiffany has a lot of common sense which I really love about her. She has personal experience with both hospital births and home births and she’s also worked in birthing centers alongside experienced midwives. So she has a balanced perspective and a wealth of knowledge and for me as a first time mom it's been immensely helpful to have her in my life as a sounding board for a variety of questions prenatally, during labor and postpartum. She always has insightful thoughts to share.Regarding labor, my goal was to have an unmedicated vaginal birth in the hospital, but plans changed because of circumstances and I ended up with a 40+ hour induced labor. Me and my partner were texting back and forth with Tiffany the whole time we were at labor & delivery and she helped me think rationally through the decisions I was having to make. Her advice was invaluable in those moments where I felt like so much was on the line. She came to support us at hospital at the most critical time, right before pushing started, when I felt completely drained. Tiffany was calm and reassuring, she held my hand and my legs and she gave me feedback on pushing and breathing which gave me strength when I really thought I had nothing left. My OB and all the nurses complimented us on our doula. We interviewed several doulas in anticipation of my labor and I’m so happy I chose her.Both my partner and I would warmly recommend Tiffany to any expecting family - we're a holistic minded family and she was a great fit for us. She helped inform and validate our choices especially when they didn’t align with the standard medical approach. It was such a pleasure seeing her at our home for our postnatal appointment. My partner and I think of her as a member of the family.


MIchelle Benitez3/1/2022When Tiffany walked into my house when I was in active labor at almost 1 am and it was go-time to bring this baby into the world, I cried in her arms I was so excited and grateful to see her. That's the feeling of safety and comfort I felt with Tiffany as my doula and Maddy assisted during birth. I see them as my angels on earth that helped me and comforted me during labor to make sure I had the most successful home birth my body was capable of.  I couldn't be more thankful for Tiffany's guidance and accessibility during pregnancy. I couldn't imagine not having her to help me mentally and physically.  She's also incredibly knowledgeable about natural remedies for all things pregnancy. I trust Tiffany's opinion on all things pregnancy, baby, and birth. She's well researched and I feel confident she's giving me the best information possible.Lastly, Tiffany's and Maddy's presence was incredibly positive and calming. That was so important to have a team in the room with such a calming and peaceful presence about them, it truly made a difference for me.   


Ashlee McIntosh2/10/2022I had a 100% natural home birth on 6/30/21, and I credit a lot of that to Tiffany! I can’t even describe Tiffany's supernatural hip squeezes, they got me through the hardest parts of labor with ease. I never knew peppermint essential oil could be as magical as pixie dust, but she did. Tiffany helped my partner Mark feel supported while I was in early labor and like a knight in shining armor she came just in time to help give him some much needed relief and rest. She came to my rescue right when labor started getting intense. Tiffany also helped capture so many beautiful moments in pictures we will cherish forever. We cannot thank her enough and she truly made labor enjoyable and a moment in our lives we will never forget! ??While Maddy wasn't at our labor I have had the pleasure of getting to know her as well and she is also an amazing doula! She is so sweet and knows exactly what mamas need. This is the best doula team in LA/OC!


Jeanie4/22/2021Tiffany was the last doula met with (out of 4 total) and I knew right away she was the one! She is the perfect combination of a calm but confident presence. We started with a zoom intro call where she provided me with worksheets on stretches and labor prep (which absolutely helped because I started having contractions a day before my due date and delivered at 40+1)! A few weeks later we did a 3-hour preparation session with my husband - he and I both agreed that we felt so much more prepared to go into labor after meeting with her. She checked in with me almost daily in the weeks leading up to labor, met us at my house when I felt ready, and then stayed with us at the hospital until I was ready to settle in for the night... a total of close to 24 hours. She knew whenever i was having a contraction without me having to say anything and never got tired of massaging me. She would also recommend different positions which was great because there was no way I’d be able to think of changing positions on my own! She came fully prepared with snacks, essential oils, the whole shabang! My husband and I were so happy we had tiffany with us, and even the nurses at the hospital commented on what a great doula she is. I would recommend her to anyone!!


Michelle9/7/2020First off, if you are on the fence about hiring a doula, stop thinking about it and hire one. When partnered with correctly, your Doula will be some of the best money you spend during your pregnancy.Hiring a doula was hands-down one of the best decisions we made. Tiffany made a HUGE difference in our labor experience. (Thankfully she was able to be there in-person. Not all hospitals are allowing this due to COVID.) As first time parents, we didn’t know what we didn’t know. L&D was slammed when we arrived. The nurse was MIA most of the time, so Tiffany was our advocate, coach, and emotional support. She allowed us to have an empowered, positive birth experience. Without her, I don't know if that would have been the case  The goodies she brought with her came in clutch from a fan to peppermint oil (for nausea) to a stool (because the nurse took forever getting me a birthing ball) to an olive oil packet (to use to clean baby’s first poop). I kept calling her Mary Poppins. She was also CRITICAL in helping my husband and me know things were progressing nicely and reassuring us things were on the right tract.My husband and I both agree we don’t know what we would have done without her. She stayed for about an hour after birth. She helped with baby’s latch and gave us some advice about what to expect. I couldn't recommend Tiffany more. 


Hilary Luttrell5/29/2020I hired Tiffany after our initial phone call, she was easy to talk to and connect with and stood out to me among the several doulas I interviewed. She was always very responsive and informative with any questions or needs I had throughout my pregnancy. She helped us to transition from a hospital birth to a home birth during the COVID-19 craziness and was on the phone with me several times throughtout the process helping me to weigh options as we made that decision. She was absolutely essential during my labor and I don't know what I would have done without her there every step of the way. She was amazing with verbal encouragement, massaging my back through contractions and encouraging me to do the hard work my body needed to progress my labor (even though I defintely didn't want to walk stairs and move around, she knew it was what was needed when my labor began to halt). She worked very well with my midwife team that I had hired at 35 weeks pregnant and she hadn't had the chance to meet. She took amazing pictures that my husband and I will forever cherish as my son was born (even captured our reaction to finding out it was a boy). She cleaned up my kitchen and heated up food for us after the birth before she went. She is full of information on all things childbirth, pregnancy and breastfeeding. She was my birth angel and I had an amazing experience working with her and getting to know her!


Carly Tenery5/27/2020My experience with Tiffany was incredible to say the least. I had the privilege of having her throughout my pregnancy, labor, and postpartum to offer guidance, love, and support. I am so grateful to have met her, to say she is amazing is an understatement. She is full of knowledge and is always there to answer any questions or concerns. After doing an at home birth with my first, I knew I wanted the same experience for my second. My second labor was much quicker however, I experienced terrible back labor. Tiffany was there to make me as comfortable as possible by constantly massaging me. She is incredibly hands on, and offers so much wisdom and encouragement. Between her multiple stretching techniques, massaging background, knowledge of essential oils, and homemade organic products she was a perfect fit for me. I am beyond grateful for this incredible woman. Her dedication and passion is evident in every action, every word! I highly recommend Tiffany to all prospective mamas.


Sarah Granelli5/19/2020From my first phone call with Tiffany, I knew she was the pefect doula for me. She was extremely detailed and thorough with her process, which put me at ease knowing exactly how she could help me. Tiffany is extremely knowledgable about all things pregnancy, birth and postpartum and I learned a lot from her. I knew I wanted to hire her because I knew that she would advocate for me when she could and would also let me make my own decisions without any judgement. She was always so encouraging and made me feel like I was doing everything right. I had an intense labor that went exactly how I had hoped it would, all thanks to her and the rest of my birth team. She showed up at my house the second I needed her and stayed with me for my entire 27 hour labor! She did not leave until baby and me were settled after the birth. I pushed for 7 hours and did not end up needing any interventions thanks to her encouragement and action during my labor. She had me try several positions to keep progressing and never left my side. I am forever grateful to her for helping me achieve the goals I laid out in my birth plan. If you hire Tiffany, you surely will not be disappointed. She is the best!


Brenda C2/7/2020I've always wanted an unmedicated vaginal birth for the obvious reasons. Fast labor, fast recovery, and better chance of no interventions. I chose Tiffany as my doula and she helped me achieve my unmedicated 2nd VBAC!  I decided to go with Tiffany based on testimonials from her other clients and she was as amazing as everyone said she was.  When I met up with her for our first meeting, I knew instantly that I wanted her as my doula.  Tiffany was always available by text, checking in on me, and so supportive. I was due 11/24 and my dr was supportive of a VBAC and letting me go up to 41 weeks but for whatever reason, she was pushing an induction on 11/23 and a c-section by 11/27.  I started to get anxious and Tiffany instantly started sending info to help put me into labor.  Luckily on 11/22, I started to feel contractions. Tiffany was super responsive as I labored at home. By 9:50pm I decided to let Tiffany know that I wanted to head out to the hospital. My husband convinced me to labor at home a bit longer and Tiffany came over to my house. She helped me get through each contraction and rubbed my back during each one. By midnight, I needed to go to the hospital. We arrived, checked in, and next thing I know, my water broke and I was in transition. At this point I was about to give up but Tiffany and my husband got me through the next 15 mins and after 5 mins of pushing, baby was born. If it wasn't for them, I would have seriously given up.  A few days later Tiffany came over to check on our family and brought us the most amazing banana bread and apple crumple pie.  She even brought presents for me and my kids. Tiffany is the sweetest and most caring doula you will ever find. I am so thankful for Tiffany and the experience we shared together. I will never forget it.  Thank you Tiffany with all my heart <3


Heather Morton2/7/2020Tiffany. What can I say?! There are not enough words to describe the kind of doula and person she is! My husband and I hired Tiffany a little late in the game but we are beyond grateful that we did! We had our sweet babygirl on 12/27/19 at the fabulous South Coast Midwifery (a birth center that I would highly recommend over and over again) and Tiffany was an enormous part of my birth story and an asset to my birth team. She was with us at our home helping me through labor and knew exactly when we needed to head to the birth center, all while staying in touch with the midwives and staff the whole time. It’s good thing she did because we were coming in hot at 9cm and ready to push! I truly couldn’t have done it without her! Not only for the support she gave but her willingness to do anything necessary to make the experience remarkable and memorable and she succeeded! Really, she held my leg during my entire birth..every push...and encouraging me while doing it and captured amazing pictures that I am so thankful for! She answered every question from day one and was attentive to my every need including my postpartum questions! She was well prepared and extremely knowledgeable and an absolute doll to hang with! When choosing a doula or whether to hire a doula, you should..it’s a must and without a doubt you want Tiffany by your side for the journey. She will uplift you, encourage you, empower you and guide you and be there with you through this incredible experience.I now consider her a friend and have so much respect and gratitude for her and her work!xo!


Kylie Campbell1/16/2020Tiffany is a Rock star! I hired her very early in my pregnancy and she was very supportive and attentive to me during the whole time. I hired her additionally for massage services because I had a lot of muscle pain during pregnancy. We got to know eachother and she was so encouraging. At the time of my birth, even though I had my mom, husband and best friend with me, Tiffany was essential supporting me and the team during labor and delivery. Everyone couldn't believe how prepared and supportive she was. After delivery I had some complications, and although she isn't a post partum doula, she checked in on me and sent me a lot of supportive text messages long after her service ended. She really cares about her mom's and babies and worked hard to support me emotionally and physically. I would highly recommend her in the future and will be hiring her again for my future pregnancies!! I loved her and you will too!


Jasmine11/16/2019Tiffany is such an amazing person. I am so grateful to have had her as my doula. From the moment I met her I just knew she was going to be great. She always followed my birth plan and always reminded me that I could do it. I don't know what I would have done without her when I was in labor. She literally went above and beyond. When I was pregnant she gave me these essential oils that relaxed me and she also made me a whipped body butter that smelled so good! She always answered any questions or concerns that I had no matter what time it was. She gave me a list of things to prepare my body for labor and they all worked amazing!! From exercises, to meals, and supplements. I know that if I ever have another child I will definitely hire Tiffany again. There's no doubt that she has a beautiful soul and really loves what she does. She never made me feel alone, she always reminded me that I am a strong woman and that my body could do anything I wanted it to. If your looking for a Doula Tiffany is your girl!! I promise you will not regret hiring her. As a first time mom I was so scared to give birth and didn't know what to expect. When we arrived at the hospital she was my back bone. She spoke for me when I couldn't. She held me when I needed comfort. She was so supportive I would literally call her name every time because she was the only person who I needed by my side. When my baby was finally born I told her to pass me my phone so I could take pictures but she had already done that without me even knowing. She captured all the perfect moments. It was such a beautiful experience. I couldn't have done it without her! 


Natasha10/5/2019Tiffany is amazing! I gave birth to my baby girl just two short weeks ago and I can’t insgine going through the process without Tiffany by our side. We first met with her at 20 weeks where she gave us our guide and walked us through how the entire process would work. Throughout the weeks she would check in and make sure everything was going well with my family and always answered all of the billions of questions I had. With all her tips and tricks I really feel my body was prepped and primed for delivery! Once delivery day came she really made me feel confident and capable with everything that came our way. We had a few random stalls along the way but Tiffany always had my back in all my decisions. All in all I cannot thank her enough for the confidence she gave me and my family through the whole process! Definitely worth it! 


Angela Ponticelli6/13/2019Where do I even begin!? My husband and I are beyond words with gratitude for Tiffany! She worked with our finances and jumped right in with no hesitations as I was only a few weeks from my due date and she went above and beyond! She answered countless texts throughout my pregnancy and gave me a great packet of info that prepared me for all things pregnancy and birth related as well as preparation for at home care tips and tricks that made my transition absolutely seamless!! My 34 hour labor started at home where she joined us and she pulled out all the stops to help me progress along! She spent 6 hours with us in our home before we went to the birth facility where she tended to all of my needs and made me feel very well cared for! We later transferred to saddleback after 8 hours of unsuccessful and difficult laboring  where she stayed with us over night and into the next day never leaving our side! This woman held my leg and my head for two hours while I pushed out my baby boy! Each push she was in my ear speaking words of encouragement and empowering me in my most vulnerable times! Because of her presence both my husband and I felt we were in great hands and that we had an advocate on our side who knew us and our wishes!! She’s visited me postpartum bringing a sweet gift for our baby and our puppy and a homemade meal!! She checks on me and makes sure I am well taken care of and I think she is so amazing for that!! I think of Tiffany as an extension of our family and we are so absolutely grateful for her presence! She was born to be a doula and we absolutely love her!!! 


Shawna4/9/2019Honestly, what isn’t to love about Tiffany? First, the nurses LOVED Tiffany...so she plays well with others! You wouldn’t want your doula to make you doctor or midwife mad, am I right? Also, they were really impressed with how much she knew. Labor is kind of a blur, but you know what I barely remember? What Tiffany did...not because she didn’t do anything...she did A LOT...but she did it so well and so seamlessly that I hardly knew she was there. The back massages...Y’ALL, you have gotta let her give you a back massage! She jumped right in and rubbed my back...for hours upon hours. She got there at about 10am and rubbed my back non-stop until about 6 pm when I finally got my epidural. She stood with my decision to not get an epidural and encouraged to keep going. I made it that long as I did because of her encouragement. She was available for me any time I needed her in the weeks prior and gave me tips and tricks for everything! She gave me oil rollers which I LOVE! When in labor, she put essential oils into a puke bag to smell. It was heaven in that bag. It never left my side. Like her. She never left my side unless I asked her to. She reminded me of my affirmations. When I said that I couldn’t do it anymore, she reminded me that I already was and had been doing it for hours. I could do anything, but gave me the freedom to choose how to proceed. She helped tremendously during pushing and she and my husband as well as the rest of our team worked so well together. Also, my husband really loved working with her. He always said what a blessing she was before labor, during and after labor. My husband couldn’t believe the time, effort, kindness and energy she put into caring for us. If you choose to work with her, you will have nothing short of a blessing. She is seriously amazing and I really feel like our labor and delivery went so well and I was able to cope so well, when things really ramped up, because of her support. 


Amina khan4/9/2019I had my birth at the incredible South Coast Midwifery in Irvine, CA. One of their requirements was to have a doula. At first I was very skeptical and thought I would have been just fine without a doula. But boy was I wrong !! Tiffany was my doula and without her I wouldn’t have survived my labor ! I had horrible back labor and she was there by my side for 9 hours continuously massaging my back, holding my hand and doing everything humanly possible to ease my pain.  Her constant reassurance that I could do this even when I knew I couldn’t, gave me the courage and strength to carry on. During postpartum, Tiffany would check in on me through text and offer encougament and motivation. She even  came to see me and the baby at home and brought a small gift for the baby and her amazing lentil soup for me.  I have profound respect and appreciation for Tiffany. She was an amazing doula and now a great friend. I will def seek her help during future pregnancies. 


Steve Hastings2/23/2019My wife and I hired Tiffany and are so glad we did. This was our first child and even though my wife read a ton of books and we took an extensive birth course, having Tiffany with us made the experience so much better. She has so many tools to help during labor ... including lots of massage!One hesitation I had about hiring a doula was feeling like I’d be replaced during my wife’s labor but that wasn’t the case at all. Tiffany and I were a great team. Worth every penny and I highly recommend her!  Thanks Tiffany :)  -Steve


Casie Hastings2/9/2019My husband and I hired Tiffany rather late in the game in my pregnancy but we are so so glad we did! We definitely would not have had as positive of a birth experience without her!All along, we were planning on a natural birth and had enrolled in 5 weeks of classes to prepare us, and thought that the coursework, plus all the books I had read, would be adequate to get our little one here. But at the urging of our midwives, I thankfully met with Tiffany about a month before I was due. I immediately felt comfortable with her and was impressed with all the things she offered expecting parents, and knew right away we had to hire her. She came over to our house a few days later for an in home consult and my skeptical husband was on board right away as well! She happily provided answers to my questions as I waited for baby to arrive and a week later, when I went into labor, she came to our house to help as soon as my husband and I felt we needed her support and she stayed at my side for the next 13 hours til our baby boy arrived! She had me labor in different positions with different props to keep labor progressing, urged me to get up and keep moving when contractions slowed, gave me reassurance and pep talks when things were challenging and supported my decision to not get an epidural, even when I told her in the moment I wasn’t sure I could do it. My husband, Midwife and nurses provided support of course but not as thorough and expert and constant as Tiffany. When I started feeling the urge to push, she immediately flagged down my nurse so they could check me and sure enough, I was fully dilated. And SO ready to be done. She coached me through the hour I spent pushing and once baby arrived, she had her phone ready and took photos of our first moments as a family that I will cherish forever!Even though we added her to our birth team near the end of the road, I can’t imagine the day without her as my coach and advocate!


Chris Adam11/28/2018Dear Tiffany,no words would  be able to describe the amount of gratitude that me and my wife have for your excellent care.  We will be forever grateful for your professionalism and guidance. whomever reading this testimonial should know that you would be lucky to have her as your dula she is the best choice you can make. As a husband i really didn't know how to cope with the whole ordeal of labors and delivery and I was so happy that we made the decision to hire tiffany as she provided confidence that made my partner feel safe and relaxed. Tiffany  did above and beyond and we are really grateful that she was a part of our journey. she is amazing sweet and worth every penny.Tiffany I want to wish you and your family a happy holiday season and thank you for being there with us you will always be in our heart when we think about the special day that our lovely son Phoenix was born. by far the best decision we made.so thank you from the bottom of my heartMuch love and gratitude for me and my familychris


Emily Luyckx11/28/2018Tiffany is AMAZING, she was absolutely god send at the birth of my son.It can be a bit odd to hire a stranger to be with you at the most intimate moment of your life, but Tiffany has made it feel so natural, I have trusted and depended on her more than my mother and husband together.  working with her was one of the best decisions I’ve made for my birth experience and I honestly could not stop raving about her since.


Michelle Weinhofen9/20/2018The great things I could say about Tiffany are endless! She was so supportive, knowledgeable, and had such a warm and calming presence. She felt like a friend right away and that made me feel so comfortable and confident having her as my doula. I met her when I was going to South Coast Midwifery. My baby boy was breech since week 34 and never flipped and Tiffany was with me every step of the way! She came with me as my doula as I transferred to the care of an OB. Her attention to detail was something I really loved about her. She was readily available to come to my bigger milestone appointments. She made me these lovely essential oil rollers and belly/body butter which were so lovely! She is a certified massage therapist so I definitely treated myself to some prenatal massages which were blissful! My water broke and labor started naturally and she met me at the hospital to assist me through the c-section recovery. She helped me establish breast feeding and the first latch just minutes after the surgery was over with and remained with us until we were settled into our hospital suite. I continued to utilize Tiffany’s amazing services as a massage therapist after my son was born to get a little me time! I am beyond grateful for her help during our pregnancy journey and birth experience and I highly recommend Tiffany!


Rachel Howard7/13/2018Tiffany was FANTASTIC! My husband & I both loved having her as our doula.  From the first meeting, she was knowledgeable and personable.  We were nervous that we might not find a doula that 'clicked' with us and our personalities, but after meeting Tiffany -- we knew we wanted her at our birth.  She's an incredibly sweet & thoughtful person, which showed throughout our interactions.She was great about checking in, asking about when appointments were scheduled -- and then followed up -- it was so nice that she always knew what was going on with the pregnancy.  Tiffany was great about offering some advice/ideas whenever something came up -- things I hadn't necessarily thought of or knew about.  She was very encouraging throughout the whole process.For the birth, Tiffany was amazing.  She was extremely helpful at every turn, offering ideas to my husband about what can feel good for me during labor.  She was quick to get needed items and knew what to anticipate (which was helpful to my husband, since this was our first baby & completely natural).  During transition, she was absolutely amazing at counter pressure massage.  It may have been one of the single most helpful things throughout the entire labor, it REALLY HELPED those intense contractions that come one on top of the other.  She continued communication and checking in on us even after the baby was born -- offering whatever support she could.Tiffany was the perfect doula for us & we can't say enough good things about her!  If we have more kids, we've both said that we'd like to have her as our doula again :)  She gets the highest recommendation from us!Thank you Tiffany for making our birth such a great experience!Chris, Rachel, & (big baby) Hunter


Gypsy Flores6/21/2018Birth angel. Tiffany was amazing.  Throughout my pregnancy and even through to postpartum, she gave me the encouragement and advice that I needed to stay afloat. You don't realize how much you need a doula until you actually go through the birth. While I had a very shortl labor, I was still blown away by the strength she had and the strength she showed me I had. Her skills, knowledge, and kind personality was exactly what I needed. I don't regret having her on my birth team at all.  It was one of the best decisions I made.


Sarah Caddick6/12/2018Words cannot explain how grateful I am for this angel of a Doula! Early in my pregnancy I considered not having a Doula. I beleived I could just ”tough it out”. When I was 32 weeks I thought I would talk with a few candidates and after meeting Tiffany, we instantly connected and I could tell what role she would play during my birthing time. This was my first born baby boy, and to this day - and forever - I cannot imagine birthing my son without her by my side. She created such comfort and strength in me.  She allowed me to experience the birth I always dreamed of. She is forever a part of my family ??.Thank you for all that you are Tiffany!Love Sarah & Wilder


Christina Fajardo Salvador6/9/2018My husband and I couldn't be more grateful to have had Tiffany as our doula. It was obvious she is incredibly knowledgeable and well experienced as she led me through positions and excercises that greatly helped me progress during labor. Any time I seemed to be stalling or having difficulty she knew exactly what to have me try. She is kind, nurturing, empowering and loving. She regualarly and lovingly affirmed me that I was strong, that I was doing an incredible job and that what I was experiencing was normal and safe. During my pregnancy and postpartum Tiffany regualrly checked in on me to see how I was doing and was helpful and responsive to all my questions. Furthermore, she always followed up after every time I'd reached out to see if what I'd been concerned about was resolved. We'd hire Tiffany for every birth if we were planning to have more children and couldn't recommend her more!


Rosa T.2/11/2018We are grateful and appreciative of all that Tiffany has done for us as she was a crucial component to the natural delivery of our baby. Hiring her as our doula was one of the best decisions that we made.Our little guy decided to arrive 3 weeks early. Tiffany checked in with us numerous times after we initially contacted her. She put us at such ease by normalizing each phase, fear, and emotion we experienced and arrived promptly at the hospital prepared with a plethora of tools. She ensured that both my husband and I were well taken care of and thought of every minute detail in order to make us feel comfortable.Tiffany is incredibly professional, knowledgeable, patient, responsive, positive, kind, supportive, and sweet. Her background in fitness, nutrition, and massage are additional perks. Her expertise, calming presence and energy, and relaxation techniques helped progress my labor in a short amount of time. Her motto was to maintain as much movement as possible and to find positions that were soothing; when one technique did not work she had at least three other ideas in mind to try.Although we had taken prenatal classes, much of what we learned went out the window. Tiffany reminded us about our birth wishes as it was our goal to have an intervention free birth. She helped capture priceless photos and stayed until we were sent to the maternity ward. The staff was impressed at how she worked with us as well as the staff in a gentle and respectful manner and how we were able to fully implement our birth preferences. After the birth she contacted us regularly and also visited us at our home. Since she herself is a mother, it was nice to be able to speak to her candidly regarding various newborn related topics.It is apparent that her true calling is a doula. She is genuinely passionate about this line of work as she cares deeply for others. We highly recommend her to be a part of anyone’s birth team!