DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
5 TESTIMONIALS

Tiffany Washington

The Tummy Room

San Pablo, CA  Service range 35 miles

https://www.thetummyroom.com

Birth Fee

$2000

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $50

Black Doula

Availability Remarks: Please visit my website for more accurate availability

CONTACT TIFFANY VIEW TIFFANY 'S AVAILABILITY

Sarah Kanter7/14/2023Tiffany worked as our night doula for 2 months after our son was born. She was great to work with and is a wonderful person.  She was very communicative, and provided us with a lot of helpful advice regarding our son and becoming parents. Most importantly, we trusted her 100% with our son. Highly recommend Tiffany! 


Taylor R.7/14/2023We worked with Tiffany as a night doula for our son when he was about 2 months old. He was having a very hard time sleeping at night, and the constant wakings were taking their toll on us. We needed a few nights of good rest a week to be able to better care for him. Enter Tiffany, who was an absolute godsend. She offered excellent guidance and support for us and wonderful care for our son.  On the nights she was with us, I trusted that my son was in good hands and was able to actually get some rest. She took detailed notes of his night wakings and feedings so we could start to see patterns, and she also referred us to a wonderful lactation consultant to discuss some feeding issues we were encountering. All in all, we loved working with Tiffany and she made those early months so much easier. 


Angelia6/4/2023Tiffany was honestly a blessing to work with. This was my second pregnancy and she helped me get through some of the PTSD I had from my last pregnancy. Her knowledge and experience allowed me to feel more confident and educated around what my body was going through especially in my ladder months of pregnancy. From the birth plan to the at home exercises, to the time she spent at the hospital while I was in labor, she showed up and was such a tremendous help. Also, me being a woman of color, and all the inequalities in healthcare towards pregnant moms, Tiffany was able to help me navigate to make it to the finish line in peace. Highly recommend. 


Olivia4/14/2023Tiffany was an amazing doula who provided invaluable support during my postpartum period. She was kind, understanding, and incredibly knowledgeable about all things motherhood. She took care of my newborn so I could rest, provided helpful lactation advice, and even helped with household tasks like grocery shopping and laundry. I cannot recommend her enough and would encourage any new mother to seek out her services. Thank you, Tiffany, for all that you do!


Meredith R4/14/2023Tiffany was absolutely phenomenal to work with, and I was so sad when our time with her came to an end! She started working with us when our baby was only a week old, and she was wonderful with him from the very beginning. We were able to set up a routine for feedings that worked well for everyone, and we looked forward to reading her summary emails every morning. Our dog loved Tiffany, and her presence in the house was so calming and supportive. If we ever need nighttime help again Tiffany will be the first person we call!! 