DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
17 TESTIMONIALS

Tiffany Blackham

Sage Sol Studio

Costa Mesa, CA  Service range 25 miles

7022056073

https://www.sagesolstudio.com/

Birth Fee

$350 to $3500

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $70

CONTACT TIFFANY VIEW TIFFANY'S AVAILABILITY

Patricia Carpenter3/26/2023As a first time mom, my goal was to have an unmedicated hospital birth. From our first meeting with Tiffany, we knew she was the one to accompany us on our pregnancy, labor, and postpartum journey. It felt good to be in her presence and she made me feel very confident in myself!Once I started feeling surges come on, I texted Tiffany to let her know I was starting labor. Later in the afternoon, my surges were really becoming consistent & my husband took over texting with Tiffany. Our plan was to labor at home for as long as possible. While I was laboring at home, Tiffany gave my husband direction and suggestions about moving me in and out of the warm bath, to the toilet, to the bed, using a warm compress, etc. to help comfort me. She guided us the entire time we were at home.When it was finally time to go to the hospital, my husband texted Tiffany so she could meet us there. We arrived at the hospital and I was 9.5 centimeters dilated! Tiffany made sure my birth preferences were being honored, which I was so appreciative of while I continued to focus labor.Fast forward to breathing our baby boy down & pushing him out. Our son began to crown and I continued to push. After pushing for a while after our son was crowning, the OB told me I only had two more pushes/surges to get baby out, otherwise we had to think about other measures. I knew there was no way I had made it this far, unmedicated, only to end up having a c-section. At this point, Tiffany really came to my rescue and reminded me of my closed glottis versus open glottis breathing and she gave me that extra reminder and push that finally helped me get baby out!! It was magical! Also, I felt so accomplished knowing I had the birth that I set out to have!Lastly, Tiffany continued to support me postpartum and checked in with me to see how I was doing, emotionally and physically. It's such a huge life change, and having Tiffany's support postpartum was also key!


Lisa Vasquez12/20/2022After having our first child in hospital, my husband and I knew we wanted extra support as we began the journey of preparing and having a home birth.From the moment I met Tiffany I knew I wanted her as my Doula! She has a calming and nurturing energy that instantly put me at ease, which made me connect with her immediately. From the beginning she listened to what we wanted our experience to be like and guided us along the way to achieve it. Tiffany is extremely knowledgeable and resourceful, she provided me with a plethora of information that I was able to utilize through my pregnancy and labor. She was very responsive when I had questions and checked in even when I didn’t. During labor Tiffany made me feel calm, safe and supported, I truly couldn’t have done it without her! She also took some priceless photos and videos that our family will cherish forever! We also used Tiffany’s placenta encapsulation services which was super convenient as she was already with us post birth! She had them ready to go the next day so I was able to start taking them right away!If you are looking for additional support in your birthing journey, I could not recommend Tiffany enough!!! She is one of a kind and I will forever be grateful that I had her by my side through this journey. 


Lauren L11/29/2022I feel so incredibly grateful to have had Tiffany be a part of my pregnancy, birth, and postpartum journey. Tiffany has such an inviting energy that radiates throughout the room- it was as if I had known her forever. She is calm, caring and gentle and literally welcomed me to lean on her throughout my pregnancy and into my birth. She was just so intuitive and encouraging offering exactly what I needed before I even knew I needed it. I cant imagine my birth without her. She helped me advocate for my preferences and gave me strength to ask questions, voice my opinion and be strong in my needs so that I felt in control and empowered. I definitely would not have been able to do that without her. My husband also was able to lean on her for support and guidance in caring for me and I couldnt have been more grateful for that.She helped me find professional referrals people during my pregancy including a transition to the birthing suites, a hypnobirthing class, a chiropractor, accupuncturist and pelvic floor specialist. She guided me as to what books to read, what classes to take and how to prepare mentally and emotionally. She even treated me with reiki which grounded my emotional plane and gave me comfort and peace plus my baby LOVED it. She was just so attentative and available and I cannot thank her enough for her presence during my journey. The birth of my baby was safe, empowering, and magical, and I can confidently say Tiffany was a HUGE reason why. You have to reach out and include her in your birth journey! You will be so glad you did. 


Sophia E.11/29/2022Tiffany attended the birth of my beautiful baby girl, and it would not have been the profound experience it was if she hadn’t been there. She was my rock and my solid sounding board throughout my entire experience. She guided me and held my hand every step of the way, enduring my wavering emotions to guide me back to solid ground and provide me comfort when I needed someone to lift me up. I would never have been able to have a natural, unmedicated birth if it would not have been for her. We had a couple bumps with baby prenatally that steered us to a couple of specialists who pushed for iduction again and again but she gave me strength and courage to use my voice to trust my intuition and follow my heart and without her I would have crumbled. I immediately connected with her from the moment I met her at my consult- I knew she was my person. She guided my husband to support me in the ways I needed and she was an unwavering shining light during my birthing time reminding me to fall into each moment as it passed and to lean deeper into the comfort of her arms when I needed rest and encouragement. I felt an immediate connection with her that allowed me to trust her words and find comfort in her presence. She kept me focused and in tune with my body. I just dont know how I could have done it without her. She made me believe in myself! My husband was originally so skeptical of a doula and the cost of support on top of the classes we took and now he says he would have paid double witnessing what she did for us through our entire birthing time. She is worth every penny and more. If you are searching for a birth doula, you absolutely MUST hire Tiffany! She is passionate, nurturing and so very knowledgeable. 


Sophia E.11/29/2022Tiffany attended the birth of my beautiful baby girl, and it would not have been the profound experience it was if she hadn’t been there. She was my rock and my solid sounding board throughout my entire experience. She guided me and held my hand every step of the way, enduring my wavering emotions to guide me back to solid ground and provide me comfort when I needed someone to lift me up. I would never have been able to have a natural, unmedicated birth if it would not have been for her. We had a couple bumps with baby prenatally that steered us to a couple of specialists who pushed for iduction again and again but she gave me strength and courage to use my voice to trust my intuition and follow my heart and without her I would have crumbled. I immediately connected with her from the moment I met her at my consult- I knew she was my person. She guided my husband to support me in the ways I needed and she was an unwavering shining light during my birthing time reminding me to fall into each moment as it passed and to lean deeper into the comfort of her arms when I needed rest and encouragement. I felt an immediate connection with her that allowed me to trust her words and find comfort in her presence. She kept me focused and in tune with my body. I just dont know how I could have done it without her. She made me believe in myself! My husband was originally so skeptical of a doula and the cost of support on top of the classes we took and now he says he would have paid double witnessing what she did for us through our entire birthing time. She is worth every penny and more. If you are searching for a birth doula, you absolutely MUST hire Tiffany! She is passionate, nurturing and so very knowledgeable. 


Kristen Wright11/18/2022Tiffany was such a blessing throughout my pregnancy and postpardum! She was a constant source of support and encouragement. My pregnancy journey did not go as planned but having Tiffany on our team defintely eased my anxiety about the birth process and challeges that came up along the way. She has such a warm and welcoming energy to her. My husband and I both felt comfortbale with her immediately. I would have been lost without her! Highly recommned Tiffany if you are looking for a birth doula!


Cassidy Hawkins7/4/2022Words cannot describe how grateful I am for meeting Tiffany. I had dreamed of having a vbac since the birth of my first ended in a c section and I knew it would be important for me to find a doula in order to achieve it once I became pregnant with my second. Tiffany listened to all of my wishes carefully, calmed my nerves, assisted me in being fully educated on all the decisions I was making and most importantly empowered me throughout my entire pregnancy. I know that without I doubt I would be a mama of 2 c- sections had it not been for her. I could never have delivered my 10.2 pound baby without her quick thinking and skill set in the delivery room. I am a strong advocate for having a doula at any birth now no matter what your wishes are, and if you are lucky enough to be in Southern California, Tiffany. She is priceless and I cannot recommend her enough. She is an angel and I am so delighted I can look back at my birthing experience and smile because of the support she provided my family. 


Amanda Hernandez6/30/2022When I told my husband that I wanted to get a doula he was skeptical. We interviewed a handful, but when we spoke with Tiffany, we both knew she was the perfect person to help us in our birthing journey. This was my first baby, but my husbands second. I had a lot of worries, questions and fears that Tiffany walked me through. She became more that a doula, she answered any and all questions day or night, she was there for me to vent to throughout my pregnancy, and even after having my baby she has still checked in on us and been there to answer our questions. We are so thankful for all of the support and help she gave us, without ever making me feel pressured into any of my decisions. From discussing my birth plan, to helping me push and get my baby to latch, Tiffany made me feel prepared for birth and the 4th trimester. Also, (this may seem small, but it meant the world to us) she took a bunch of pictures in the delivery room that we will cherish forever. 


Erica Loera4/11/2022Working with Tiffany was the smartest decision we made during our pregnancy journey. She helped keep us informed with credible resources on everything that was happening both during my pregnancy and labor. We have raved about her services to all of our friends and family when sharing our birth story as she was 100% central to its smoothness. Her knowledge and compassion seriously got us through the entire 10 months and we are absolutely hoping to hire her for our next pregnancy. Tiffany, thank you ??


Riki Swindler3/14/2022We found Tiffany through DoulaMatch, and are so glad that we did.  Tiffany was a wealth of knowledge leading up to the birth - sharing insights and resources. She was never pushy or opinionated, but rather shared thoughts based on research and her own experience as a mother and doula. Once I decided to explore the hypnobirthing route, she shared podcasts, books, and class recommendations.We enjoyed getting to know Tiffany in the two sessions we had with her prior to birth, both of which helped us feel as prepared as humanly possible for what was to come. Most importantly she made it clear the role she would be playing for us - she would be on our team, and helping us communicate our preferences and needs to the nurses and doctors.Once I went into labor at home, she stayed in communication with my spouse, and when things accelerated faster than anticipated, she dropped everything to meet us at the hospital. Once there, she helped me transition into L&D and swiftly jumped in to help me continue to work through contractions with counter-pressure etc. I probably locked eyes with her about 200 times, and each time she gave me such reassurance and strength. Tiffany has a wonderful way about her - both calming and confident. Once we were ready to push, she turned into my biggest coach & cheerleader, helping keep me as comfortable as possible. When he finally emerged, Tiffany was there to capture some of his first moments on earth in photos and videos - I will forever cherish them. She stayed around for a bit to help with any questions we had, and made sure that we got settled into our new reality.Tiffany continues to check-in and see how we're all doing, and shares about her life and family too! It really makes me feel like we have a relationship vs. her just being a service. I would definitely use Tiffany again & recommend her to anyone else looking for a doula. She is a wonderful person and doula.


Sen3/13/2022Tiffany was fantastic !!! I highly recommend. she answered all my questions throughout and very supportive. she made me feel better in min when my delivery plans went south! My OB on duty doctor was very mean and he was kind of harsh when she asked for more options for me. she took it and still maintained the cool and completely supported me !! The way she talks makes you forget every fear! Thank you Tiffany.


Katie11/12/2021I had an outstanding experience with Tiffany. I can't even begin to describe how happy I am that I decided to go with Tiffany to encapsulate my placenta. From the second I started chatting with her she was welcoming and very patient with my ten million questions. Tiffany made me feel comfortable, empowered, and safe during the entire process. She truly cares about the families she works with. Not only did she take care of everything I needed beforehand, but she was so loving after I delivered. She checked in to make sure we were doing ok, and to check on if any questions had come up for me. Talk about going above and beyond. The pickup of my placenta and the drop-off of my capsules were both fast and easy. The capsules were in a beautiful little jar with directions so if I forgot anything I didn't have to dig through my texts I could just look at the jar. I felt amazing when taking them and I truly believe that it made my recovery ten times better. All in all, I would recommend Tiffany to anyone and I will never be able to say enough about how wonderful of a person she is. My wife and I want to have another baby before we leave the area solely so we can use the same team of people to include Tiffany. We're beyond thankful for her and this amazing experience. THANK YOU TIFFANY! 


Regina Kim11/5/2021Tiffany was a great doula!! She was an amazing resource with knowledge from personal experience, as well as articles and studies that were done with actual facts. Her demeanor was what sealed the deal for me though. During pregnancy and labor, the fear of the unknown would stress me out, but she always helped me to calm down and reassured me that everything was ok and that I could handle what was to come. Unfortunately, due to the current covid situation and our precipitous birth, Tiffany couldn't be with us in person for the delivery of our beautiful baby boy, but she was available all night via phone. We hope to be able to have her as our doula again for future our future baby(s)!!Thank you for all your help!!


Mia Sobolew10/16/2021I had the most amazing experience with Tiffany as my doula.From when I got pregnant I knew I wanted to have an unmedicated and natural birth. I knew I wanted someone there to help guide my husband as I, as this was our first child.I went through the process of interviewing doulas and from the moment I got in contact with Tiffany her personality and knowledge shined through. I really resonated with her when we met and she was very open and I felt comfortable talking with her about all things birth related, especially the things no one talks about. Throughout my pregnancy she was there with any questions I had and gave me the confidence and tools to help me.On the day of baby coming Tiffany was the support we wanted and needed. She helped my husband and I get through laboring at our house for 9 hours. I had my natural unmedicated birth that we planned and I was so happy having her by our side.Tiffany is an experienced and well informed doula who will help you make informed decisions and support you with whatever type of birth you have. If we have anymore kids we want Tiffany as our doula again!


Issy Dedeminico5/10/2021My husband and I loved working with Tiffany. We researched and interviewed many doulas and kept circling back to Tiffany. She was warm, inviting, knowledgeable, patient, and attentative in all of the right ways. She educated us with a wealth of knowledge about pregnancy, labor, childbirth, newborn care, breastfeeding, postpartum expectations, and everything in between. She provided evidence based resources, articles, links, accounts to follow,  handouts, free masterclass recommendations, local favorites within the birth industry, yoga guidance and breathing, and every tool we could have needed in order to prepare for the welcoming of our baby. We did role playing (she made it so fun) breath exercises, played out scenerios to help me advocate for my choices, reviewed comfort measures, pressure techniques, positions for ideal baby positioning and so much more. She was always supportive of our choices and we never felt like she tried to convince us of anything. She made me feel 100% seen and heard and for me that was single-handedly the MOST important aspect in doula support. You can have all of the educational knowledge and experience in the birth setting but if you cant make me feel safe and comfortable in your presence then there is no way in heck that I can relax and birth with you near by. She has a gentle and nurturing presence about her that is so soothing and calming. Her voice always guided me into a mental state of euphoria. She helped me feel empowered and so capable and I cannot thank her enough. We are so glad we chose Tiffany because her guidance and support were invaluable. We wouldnt think twice about hiring her again. We can look back at our birth story and feel blessed and in LOVE with the way it all played out and no doubt it was because we had TIffany at our side. We highly recommend her doula services. She is experienced, professional, and nurturing and she is a wonderful kind-hearted person that has your best interest at heart. 


Maurie L5/8/2021My husband & I are so grateful we met Tiffany. I was 26wks & didnt think much about having a doula. She had nurturing energy & freely offered suggestions to us that we walked away thinking we definitely needed to hire someone. Tiffany makes you feel at ease in her presence. Shes kind, caring & patient. You cant help but feel at home with her nearby. All qualities youd want in someone whos supporting you during the most transformational time in your life. Since birth is so intimate, she suggested we meet a few other doulas so we interviewed 2 others but ultimately our hearts knew Tiffany was a perfect fit. We hired her to be our doula but that doesn't even speak the volume in which she exceeded our expectations. She offered peace of mind & sounding reassurance with all our concerns. She helped us with all labor/delivery edu, birth planning, breathing, yoga, relaxation techniques, & all PP info like breastfeeding, newborn care & more! She ensured we were well equipped to make key decisions about the type of birth experience we wanted. There were definitely times in labor i panicked, like when labor stalled. Tiffany helped bring me back to the moment with her nurturing energy & soothing voice guiding my breath & offering options & alternatives to what we were already doing.It helped get me out of my head & labor picked up- she encouraged me in all the right ways.I also had trouble navigating breastfeeding but she was so helpful- with physical assistance & my mental/emotional well being. I wanted to give up so many times & just cry- she was empathetic, gentle & offered perfect guidance. Honestly I can't thank her enough. She also did my placenta pills. I def recommend the service! The care she provided & the way she made me feel was life changing during this pivotal moment. I highly recommend booking Tiffany- you will not regret a single moment except that you waited so long to connect with her!


Maranda Meador3/22/2021As a first time mom I didn’t know what to expect. So much information is out there it’s hard to know what is helpfuland what isn’t. It almost left me feeling more anxious and confused so I decided to get a doula to assist me and I am so happy I chose Tiffany. I had a long and difficult birth and Tiffany was with me the whole time. She had such a nurturing presence that immediately would put me at ease any time I doubted myself or would start to get anxious. She has such a gentle nature and soothing voice that my entire energy would instantly change when she would remind me of my ability and power/ it was hypnotic in a sense. It was almost as if her intuition could sense exactly what I needed when I needed it and her ability to empower me and help me stay focused really helped me get through the most difficult moments of my birth.I highly recommend Tiffany to anyone thinking about hiring a birth doula. Hands down it was worth every penny and more. My birth experience left me feeling empowered, positive and overall extremely happy with the care and support I received and the atmosphere that was created for me to “do what my body was made to do.”