DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
19 TESTIMONIALS

Veronica Ndegwa

DulceDoula

Palo Alto, CA  Service range 25 miles  Bridge toll applies

Birth Fee

Not specified

Postpartum Rate

$65 to $80

Black Doula

CONTACT VERONICA VIEW VERONICA 'S AVAILABILITY

Maggie7/18/2023My family was so fortunate to have Veronica support us for 4 months after my daughter's birth. Our only regret is not having her stay longer.She's incredibly knowledgeable about caring for newborns. We looked to her for advice on everything and her advice was often reinforced by our doctor's pediatrician. She first noticed that our baby spit up more than average and that she might have acid reflux. Veronica was right. She also pointed out diaper rash to us and an abnormality in her belly to get checked out.Veronica created structure for us. She has a well-thought out and proven system of tracking feedings to ensure the baby gains weight and develops well. She was also a great support when it came to breastfeeding and managing supply. We never came across any situation that Veronica couldn't handle. Our baby could be incredibly fussy at times and nothing was too big of a challenge for Veronica. After she left, we needed a few more weeks of help and cycled through several more night doulas. None of them were able to handle our baby the way Veronica could.Most importantly, Veronica was very caring and loving towards our baby. She truly cared about her wellbeing and development, she celebrated milestones with us, and she became part of our family. We miss having her here! Veronica is everything we hoped for in a night doula plus more. She made the first four months with our newborn so much more manageable and we're very grateful to have found her.


Shirley C.2/28/2023Veronica helped for 16 weeks with our second child. We actually wanted to hire her for 6 months, but 16 weeks is her maximum contract. We had minimal help with our first due to the pandemic, so we knew we wanted support with our second.Veronica's expertise and professionalism were immediately obvious, and I knew my newborn would be well cared for from the first night. Veronica knew exactly what to do and what to expect with each passing day and week: e.g. milk/formula intake, stool characteristics, skin care, reading baby's cues, and milestones in baby's development. Her calm competence allowed me to relax completely while baby was in her care.Even as a second time mom, Veronica taught me SO MUCH about my baby. She taught me how to burp so she'd feed well, how to feed so she'd sleep well, and how to encourage sleep independence so that I could sleep well. Veronica's input was critical to my sanity and recovery. No more "why is my baby crying and what can I do about it?!" She gave me much more confidence as a mother.What would take time to appreciate is that Veronica is very invested in both the baby and the mother's well-being. Even when Veronica was away, she was considering potential adjustments -- like how to support baby's feeding or how to get mom more sleep. What's more, her recommendations always considered our personal needs and priorities. Veronica never pushed an agenda and only made me feel supported and worthy as a mother.My only caveat in my recommendation is to consider seriously how long you'll need help. To have 6 months of night support, we went through a painful transition from Veronica to the new night doula. It took our baby about 2 weeks to become comfortable with her.Although I cried a lot when Veronica left, I consider myself lucky to have trusted her so fully and experienced her deep care. Veronica exceeded all my very high expectations. I cannot recommend her highly enough. 


Alana10/19/2022Veronica is absolutely wonderful and I strongly recommend her. She is incredibly knowledgeable and brings a warmth and calm into the home that is essential in those first crazy months. My favourite thing about Veronica is that she helped educate me about how to take care of my baby. She was very instructive and helped us get to a very good place before she left. strongly recommend!


Jess10/3/2022I am so excited to be the first person to get to write a testimonial as a "repeat customer" of Veronica's. My first review was posted here in January 2020, several months after Veronica had finished helping us with our first child. Veronica was such an outstanding, caring resource that I literally couldn't have imagined wanting anyone else with us for our second baby. As soon as I found out that I was pregnant with our second, I reached out to Veronica and booked her services. I know she books way in advance and I wasn't leaving anything to chance! The important stuff first: Veronica is a great person. Genuine, smart, caring, trustworthy. She is also an expert professional. She is always on time (even a little early), extremely knowledgeable, and very communicative. She is responsive on text and always updated our baby's progress in Baby Connect, so that we always knew how her nights had gone.My husband and I feel so fortunate that we had Veronica to help us with our second baby. Having Veronica back in our home was as positive, helpful, and genuinely wonderful as I had hoped it would be. Our second was a much tricker baby than our first -- she had bad acid reflux from pretty well the start of her life -- and having Veronica around made an extremely tricky situation much more manageable. Veronica figured out ways to feed our daughter so that she was getting enough food, growing well, putting on weight, despite the fact that she would very often puke after a meal. She was also the first person to "diagnose" our daughter with GERD and/or reflux -- and she was consistently doing research to try and find the best ways for us to feed with and work with our baby. She was a true partner to us and I will forever be grateful for that. 


Scott3/7/2022My Wife and I gave birth to our first child in January 2022 and spent the first 4 weeks back home with Veronica. To summarize our experience with her, we wish we had MORE time! Veronica put us at ease the first few minutes at our house, and it was immediately clear she was an expert at her craft. Our baby boy was immediately calm and comforted by Veronica's presence, and Veronica simply has a natural ability to be great as a night doula. Although the extra sleep at night was amazing, the most valuable part of Veronica's time with us was everything she taught us. Baby queues, how to properly feed and care for the baby, how to bathe him properly, how to make sure we are feeding him the right amount of milk, etc. These are all things we thought we knew, but she made sure to educate us on the proper ways each day/night she was with us. Trust is a big thing for us as new parents (especially during Covid times), and we immediately knew we could trust Veronica. Veronica made sure to keep herself safe so that we were also safe. Her calming and motherly approach was so well received by all of us, and we seriously just wish we could have had more time with her. We can't thank Veronica enough for her time, and we highly recommend her for anyone looking for an expert night doula. 


Jay1/22/2022Veronica was a wonderful night doula. This was our first child and we found that reading books can only teach you so much. It was comforting to have someone who has had ample newborn caretaking experience to show you the ropes. Veronica helped us provide structure around feeding and sleeping in the early months, which proved invaluable even well after she left (knock on wood, our son has been sleeping through the night since 4 months of age!). She had good perspectives to share but was also respectful if we had a different direction we wanted to go. We are grateful to have Veronicas help during this time, as it would have been much more stressful without her. We would highly recommend her to others.


Christine Huang7/18/2021I can't say enough about how amazing Veronica is, both as a doula and as a person. Beginning from our initial phone consultation, Veronica exuded a great deal of knowledge, kindness and calmness, which was so reassuring. I came out of that initial conversation having already learned so much from her, whereas I hadn't gotten anything close when interviewing with another night doula. The first night we came home with our baby from the hospital, Veronica was there to help us with everything, from how to hold the baby properly to how much to feed him to how to properly wipe his bottom so he doesn't get diaper rash. She's concerned and takes great care of not just the baby but also the mom. For example, she made me a huge batch of delicious oatmeal one night, to help with my lactation. She helped us fill in what items we were missing from the nursery and also reorganized the nursery for us. If you have the opportunity to work with Veronica, jump on it because she is the best doula you will ever have and her calendar gets booked quickly. I wish we had been able to have more time with her, but we're grateful for the time that we did have together. We are going to miss her so much!


Shirley6/22/2020Just like what the other reviewers have said, hiring Veronica is the best decision we've made in our postpartum days! Not only did she take great care of our new born, but also gave us so many valuable tips caring for my baby and myself. As new parents, we would have a much more difficult time without her. Hire her - you won't regret!


Anthony4/23/2020Let me just say right off the bat that hiring Veronica was the best decision my wife and I have made since we got pregnant. She is an invaluable resource that helped us in so many ways, so many of which we never would have even thought about. Her level of expertise and professionalism are remarkable.   With 100% certainty, we have been able to parent our daughter with confidence thanks to her guidance.YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. This was the best investment we have ever made.Do what she says, it works, your child will be better for it and you will become better parents. 


Jess1/1/2020I'll first start out by saying that Veronica has become not just a dear friend, but the closest to what I can call "family" in the Bay Area. She joined us in late July for my son's birth, and although we had originally only signed up for two months, we ended up extending by several because she became such a trusted, invaluable "co-parent" and support to not just me, but to my husband and of course to our young son, as well. I can't say enough good things about Veronica -- on the key items that matter for those considering a night doula, I would say this: Veronica was never late, and in fact was almost always a few minutes early. She is extremely experienced and knowedgeable, not just about the obvious (and broad!) topic of infant care, but also on lactation, which was valuable to me as a first-time mother who wanted to give breastfeeding a whirl but had absolutely no idea what to do, not do, or expect. She is incredibly smart, kind, caring, and funny. Veronica always walked in with a smile on her face, and is such a warm presence that even our family dog looked forward to her weeknight entrance and would eagerly await her arrival by the front door.If you are considering a night doula, I can't recommend Veronica highly enough. Although I of course don't have any points of comparison, I don't think I need one (or want one). The best endorsement I can probably offer is this -- if and when we are fortunate enough to get pregnant with another child, I will be immediately reaching out to Veronica (now my friend) to book her professional services. 


Liz8/9/2019Veronica worked with us for 2 months, 3 days per week when our baby was ~3 weeks old. She was very helpful with all things baby and mom care, from teaching us about more nuanced baby cues, to strategies for increasing milk supply and milk nutrients. She also helped me manage a painful bout of mastitis, and was a great breastfeeding coach. We are grateful for everything she taught usVeronica is loving, very professional, always punctual, and a wealth of knowledge! She took great, tender care of our daughter - we felt she was very trustworthy and in tune with our baby. We enjoyed working with her and would recommend her to anyone looking for a night doula.


Anne & John7/12/2019We are so lucky to have worked with Veronica! We had her 3 nights a week for the first few weeks after our son was born (including our first night home from the hospital), and two nights a week after that. We looked forward to the nights she was coming so much! Helping us get more sleep was amazing, and critical for post delivery recovery and our general sanity. But her help went far beyond that -- we are still benefiting from everything she taught us. The expertise she offered on breastfeeding, baby care, and mom/dad care got us off on the right foot, and helped everything go as smoothly as possible from the beginning. We appreciated her direct communication and her suggestions as well as encouragement. Perhaps most importantly, she was absolutely wonderful with our baby. She was as attentive, gentle, and loving with him as we were, and actually probably moreso, because she was better rested! Our little family was so lucky to have her, and we would absolutely recommend her to new parents. 


Dale6/9/2019Veronica is nothing short of amazing! She’s an experienced professional who went above and beyond the doula role to understand our family’s needs and especially that of our baby. Originally I thought we’d have a hard time letting a stranger take care of us, but Veronica was a saint and immediately earned our trust. She helped us understand our baby’s cues and even get her sleeping through the night by 3 months. If you’re considering a doula, I couldn’t recommend Veronica more highly. And more importantly, I’m proud to say she’s now part of our family. 


Alison3/3/2019This was our 3rd child and we had never hired a doula before. Due to the crazy amount of activity in our house, we decided it was best to get more sleep versus less! Once we talked to Veronica on the phone and then met her in person - we knew we had found a gem. Once our baby was born, Veronica was there for us - always on time, willing to take on extra nights when possible, and gave us peace of mind so that we could get some sleep. She was extremely professional, capable, confident and very loving with our son - a true baby whisperer. She was such a welcome presence in our house - even giving me a hand when my other two kids would wake up in the middle of the night with a fever or simply because they couldn't sleep. I would absolutely recommend Veronica to anyone looking for a postpartum doula / night nurse. 


Adam Inglis6/7/2018As first time parents, Veronica was an invaluable resource to our family.  Not only did she give us peace of mind and allow us to get some sleep during those first few weeks after birth, she also coached us and explained many of the behaviours our baby was displaying.  She was always on-time and provided us with a lot of amazing of advice!  I highly recommend Veronica, it will be one of the best investment you ever make!


Michael Ramm4/18/2018Veronica was exceedingly supportive: immediately helping us get organized for daytime and nighttime care, establishing a clear nighttime routine and vigilantly taking care and observing our son at nighttime. We immediately felt our son was in safe hands with Veronica. Her care helped us get through the hardest time immediately after our son was born. Of course, the nighttime rest was invaluable, but Veronica also took the time to learn our preferences and aid mom’s postpartum recovery. Veronica has our highest recommendation for postpartum care.


Mira Browne1/24/2018While we were hesitant at first about bringing aboard a postpartum doula, we decided to move forward as soon as we met Veronica. She was incredibly caring and loving to our son, and supportive to me as I worked through breastfeeding challenges. She not only took good care of our son at night, but also checked in each day as to how our son was doing and helped us through any questions or concerns we had. Her knowledge of babies was invaluable, and often saved me from my daily google explorations. While we were only able to have Veronica with our family for a short time, I highly recommend her to any family who is looking for support in the early days and peace of mind.


Sukanya Chakrabarti10/14/2017Veronica has been taking care of my daughter since she was a newborn. I can see that she genuinely cares about my baby and I especially appreciate that she treats her like an individual. She is completely trustworthy and very observant. In fact, Veronica was the person who discovered a lump that turned out to be a congenital hernia that my baby was born with. By learning about this sooner rather than later, we were able to monitor it and be very vigilant and my baby so far (she's now six months) has not needed surgery for which I am very grateful.She is also extremely organized and that helped me a great deal as I was learning to be a new mom.  Veronica has my highest recommendation.


Hilary Eden10/12/2017Veronica was a wonderful night doula for our son Elliot. She was with us from the first night we brought him home until 10 weeks of age. She was great with all aspects of caring for him- feeding, swaddling, dressing, etc. She helped us get him used to feeding with bottles and getting his sleep schedule on track. She kept meticulous notes of all Elliot's activites durring the night and was very helpful in guiding us through newborn care and helping us get more sleep. She also cared for him while he had a cold and gave advice and guidance on how to make him more comfortable. I would highly reccommend her as she was loving, experienced and extremely reliable.