DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
3 CERTIFICATIONS
73 TESTIMONIALS

Veronica Hinojosa_Stang

Baby Nurse and Doula Services

Los Angeles, CA  Service range 60 miles  Available for Domestic & International travel

(310) 365-8042

https://www.babynurseanddoulaservices.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $65

Availability Remarks: I am flexible and attend your needs immediately.

CONTACT VERONICA VIEW VERONICA'S AVAILABILITY

Claudia flores6/10/2023I’m so grateful to had the opportunity to get my certificate of Advanced Newborn Care Doula and Postpartum Services, because I was able to learn and reaffirm a lot of knowledge and procedures. Also gives me the opportunity to work like a Doula and help parents with an extra care and tips to do it even better. This course full filled my expectations because it was totally professional and personalized with a professional and knowledgeable instructor like Ms.Veronica Hinojosa, who gives everything of her to teach everything that she knows and studied to prepare her students to do the best in the field. After all, is always a great opportunity to increase our knowledge, meet great people and get a new certificate to add to your resume and open more doors and better opportunities.


Gabriela Escalante6/10/2023There are not enough words to define the work, dedication and passion in which Ms Verónica shares her techniques to be a Newborn Care Doula and Postpaetum services specialist. This was an excellent class, nice environment, thanks for adding one more petal to my flower ????****Quiero empezar por agradecerle a la maestra Veronica Hinojosa por impulsarme a dar lo mejor de mi, agradecer por sus enseñanzas por su tiempo, por su pasión al enseñar por agregar un pétalo más a mi flor, definitivamente supero mis espectativas gracias infinitas.


Mikaela F6/9/2023I would like to thank Veronica Hinojosa-stang, My doula, for the excellent services provided to my family.I wanted to write this review from my baby perspective as I think she would be agree with everything I would express:To my loving Doula and Baby Nurse Veronica : Please, dont go!You came into our lives in the perfect moment. When mommy most needed support, you were there to calm her down and wipe her tears down those early mornings when breastfeeding was difficult, you have taught her so many tricks and guided her to become the *Best mummy ever*?When there was a question or scare.of new.things, you were there with promptness and empathy in the middle of darkness.You were there so my parents could have their first date after I was born. Please dont go as yet!Everytime I cried in the early morning , you were there for me, every time Mommy needed help with breastfeeding, you were there..massaging her feet and making sure I latched properly,Every time Mommy had a question or concern, you were there giving to her the best of your knowledge and experiencePlease don't go yet!With love, your baby boss


John Chao6/6/2023I hired Veronica as a newborn dula and night nurse. From the moment I spoke to her on the video interview, I was impressed with her. She demonstrated not only a familiarity with all the published recommendations from the relevant authorities in the field, but also was able to season those with her own direct experience. When she arrived to take care of our newborn, she demonstrated a level of professionalism, patience, and nurturing energy that frankly amazed me. She has The Touch when it comes to babies, and when it comes to mothers, too. Veronica is a master of her craft and a true professional. 


Laura Huacchillo4/24/2023Amazing Newborn Care Doula class by Veronica Hinojosa-Stang.I learned new techniques on the care of a baby. It was a very structured class. I was impressed by the love that Veronica has for her work. I enjoyed it so much and I highly recommend it!!!Laura Huacchillo


Lini4/22/2023First time mom living away from family. As you can imagine I was in a panic. I found Veronica via google and am so thankful for her. She taught me how to be a mom and gave me lots of tips and help with baby sleep, nutrition, diapering etc. she also helped me with lactation/pumping. But most of all the sleep at night while I recovered from having my baby was a god send. I recommend her to anyone who needs a baby nurse or help in general with baby.


Dorothy Le Suchkova4/9/2023Wanted to write this testimonial for my very, very, very positive experience working with Veronica and Baby Nurse and Doula Services. We worked with Veronica and her team for our second child. As a second time mom, I had worked with a newborn care specialist also when I had my first child, so I knew firsthand how helpful one would be this time around. If you find yourself wondering if you need this care, don’t hesitate! You will find it invaluable to get precious sleep, peace of mind and have your baby in loving and expert care. Not only that but you can also get the warm care of a great Postpartum Doula with Ms. Veronica who is able to provide reassurance and empathy for parents during the challenging postpartum time.Veronica is so knowledgeable when it comes to newborn and infant care - from feeding, to sleeping, to changing, swaddling and everything in between. She has decades of experience, education and is constantly learning, training and doing to be at the top of her specialty when it comes to newborn care. In addition, she is very professional, trustworthy, conscientious and kind. It takes a very special person to be able to come into your household seamlessly, being supportive along the way. My older daughter formed a great bond with her, would look forward to her visits and misses her to this day!Having Veronica and her team support me and my family during the newborn stage, including my newborn, older child, and husband was invaluable and I give her my highest recommendation when it comes to search for a Postpartum Doula and Newborn care services. 


Veronica Hinojosa-Stang3/26/2023In response to Mario Calderon's review on March 23rd, 2023Mario & Cynthia Calderon, It saddens me deeply to receive defamation of character from your person. I went one step beyond to provide an outstanding experience for your family and your newborn, going to the extent of sourcing an overqualified professional due to your needs and language preference. I do have to highlight that Zulma, although being my sister, is an obstetrician with over 15 years of experience. In addition, she’s the founder of a maternity and children’s center in Peru "Mami y Yo" and has been successfully running it for over 10 years. She’s also an Advanced Newborn Care Doula and Postpartum Services Specialist and she's been working with Baby Nurse and Doula Services for over 5 years. Our past clients loved her as a person and even more as a professional. In regards to my person, thank you for highlighting that I’m a great business woman but you forgot to mention that I also go a step above to cater to my clients needs and expectations. I presented you alternative solutions to assure your Doula be present when birth took place yet you declined and terminated our contract immediately yet you never brought such claims above to the conversation. Also offered you the option to work with another Doula for the remaining weeks of Postpartum Services but you didnt accept it.I'm deeply sorry you feel this way toward my person and my team but your review does not resemble our core and professional values as a company.


Mario R Calderon3/23/2023Welcoming a baby into the world can be an amazing experience, but it is also a time of great worry and stress. As first-time parents, we hired Veronica to help reduce our stress, and instead endured a nightmare that we wouldn’t wish on anyone. The best thing that I can say about Veronica is that she’s a good businesswoman, and will put money ahead of the well-being of parents and babies.We chose Veronica based on her Spanish-language abilities and her good Yelp reviews. Don’t be fooled: although she has many good reviews, she solicits them from parents and will ask for edits to fit the algorithm. The positive reviews did not align with our actual experience (although many of the negative ones did).As parents, we weren't empowered to make decisions. Veronica believes that she has all of the answers and that there is no way but her way. She recommended her sister, Zulma, a doula from Peru. There were multiple issues: such as finding Zulma asleep when she was supposed to be awake with the baby, her habit of interfering in conversations between myself and my wife, her tendency to raise her voice at us, and her vulgar and unprofessional language. She was supposed to give us classes, but never delivered. Even worse, our baby had red brick-colored urine that she did not report to us, she bathed him on day 3, and talked about retracting his uncircumcised foreskin. An experienced and professional doula would not have behaved in such a manner.After a week, we had had enough. It was incredibly stressful to have such a confrontational doula in our home 24/7. Ultimately, we lost a $5000 retainer and were left without a doula. I urge you to research and interview other providers before choosing Veronica for this important role.


Sandra11/28/2022We had the pleasure of having Veronica with my family with two months to help with our newborn. As a first time mom, I had no idea where to start. Veronica was very helpful, patient and thought me a lot of things. I had some complications with my delivery and having Veronica  there to help me out was the best decision for our family.


Josefina10/22/2022I recently participated in Ms. Verónica’s newborn care doula and Postpartum Specialist training to expand on my Newborn care & Doula service. Her training program is full of valuable, and insightful information that can support high standard care. She’s very thorough, and organized with her teaching process and goes above and beyond for everyone in her class to have a positive learning experience. She’s also very nice, patient and knowledgeable. If you’re thinking of taking this training don’t hesitate.


Martha10/21/2022I took a class with Ms Veronica on the Baby Nurse and Doula Sevices program. It was so enriching, interesting, informative, knowledgeable, and helpful.Ms. Veronica talks directly to the point of the class, giving clues of the all procedures and she explained everything with details. Ms Veronica Hinojosa Stang, has a unique personality. She loves what she is doing. The energy she puts working with babies and teaching is incomparable. She has a passion for the work she is doing, is patient, smart, lovable, dedicated, reliable, and honest. She really has a tons of experience in thus field and I recommend the class widely.


Lova Y9/4/2022We made the right choice with Veronica as our post partum doula! After coming home from the hospital, her presence was truly a lifesaver for us. To have all the things we read in books reiterated in-person by a new parent educator was so helpful in getting us on the path to success. Veronica's hands-on approach is appreciated, especially after little sleep. As a newborn specialist, not only did Veronica take great care of our baby, she helped get down the swelling in my legs & feet with massages. She also taught me different breastfeeding positions to accommodate baby's changing preferences. On top of that, when baby was asleep, she made sure all the baby's bottles, clothes, blankets, etc. were cleaned & put away. She felt like a part of our family. Would love to have her back in the future.


Nhi Ly8/9/2022? ch? Veronica có d?ch v? cham sóc sau sinh cung nhu là night baby nurse. Tôi dã th? v?i d?ch v? night baby nurse và dã không h?i h?n, cô ta dã giúp tôi cham sóc baby c?a chúng tôi Chloe (2 tháng tu?i), cùng v?i hu?ng d?n m?t vài tips v? cách massage d? giúp bé an mau tiêu, không b? d?y hoi cung nhu giúp bé thu giãn hon. Tôi r?t hài lòng v?i Veronica. Cám on r?t nhi?u vì dã giúp tôi hi?u baby c?a mình hon. At Veronica's service there is postpartum care as well as a night baby nurse. I tried the night baby nurse service and didn't regret it, she helped me take care of our baby Chloe (2 months old), taught me how to massage my baby and help her with reflux and digest better . I am very satisfied with Veronica. Thank you so much for helping me understand my baby better.


Nhi Ly8/9/2022? ch? Veronica có d?ch v? cham sóc sau sinh cung nhu là night baby nurse. Tôi dã th? v?i d?ch v? night baby nurse và dã không h?i h?n, cô ta dã giúp tôi cham sóc baby c?a chúng tôi Chloe (2 tháng tu?i), cùng v?i hu?ng d?n m?t vài tips v? cách massage d? giúp bé an mau tiêu, không b? d?y hoi cung nhu giúp bé thu giãn hon. Tôi r?t hài lòng v?i Veronica. Cám on r?t nhi?u vì dã giúp tôi hi?u baby c?a mình hon.   


eronica Hinojosa-Stang3/30/2022Response to the testimonial from 3/28/2022With all due respect to the readers: This individual is an imposter passing as a client. This name is not anyone who indeed contacted me.To start with I hold 52 certifications which allows me to give a great service and answer most of your questions in an interview.The few team members I work with had invested time and money to grow in their education and deserved appreciation and respect.When I am fully booked, any of my team members are offered according to their trainings and experience.I am sorry  if you, the person who wrote this testimonial, are not happy on how well we are doing but I wish you well in life and light in your path.Respectfully, Veronica


Lexi Brown3/28/2022My husband and I are APPALLED this woman and her associates exist, not only exist but come up on this site which is supposed to offer safe and reliable support.We contacted her regarding postpartum care. She came to our home…we asked her a lot of questions which someone who truly is certified should have been able to answer. We asked her if she lived close by and what the arrangements would be and she told us that she has girls that work for her that she oversees….non of which are qualified. She said they all live in East Los Angeles. We asked what experience these women had and she said they worked under her but weren’t necessarily trained professionals. We then asked her to exit our home.The “qualified” Veronica is a total scam and is not the woman who does the actual work…her unqualified workers fill in. She asked us for a lot of money…thousands of dollars upfront, had no contract, and was very concerned about us leaving a good review. She not once asked how our birth went, what our child was like…nothing.  I am not sure who Veronica is paying to write all of these positive reviews, but they are just another layer of the scam she is running. Mama's beware. 


Bex Laxton3/12/2022We hired Veronica when our first baby was born.  She was with us as a postpartum doula from our first day home from the hospital.  We had been having a difficult time with our baby in the NICU so she instantly made us feel comfortable, relaxed and supported.  She is a brilliant newborn Care Specialist and I felt like I had all the advice of a personalised book.  She was able to give me advice specific to my needs and put my mind to rest about anything I had previously read about which didn’t apply to me or my baby.  Veronica does everything with LOVE.  She is a caring Doula, happy, kind and always has a big smile.  Our son was always so happy and rarely cried because she taught us how to make sure all his needs were met.  She would always say to us “he doesn’t need to cry”, and it was true. Veronica is not just a baby doula, she looks after the whole family with love.  She gave me foot massages, made me smoothies.  She even helped with the dishes.  After a while we felt totally comfortable leaving her alone in the house with our boy as she encouraged my husband and I to have time together and go out for dinner while we had the support.  She puts a lot of focus on creating a space for a happy family, not just a happy baby. Veronica is a parent educator, she gently showed us the best ways to look after our baby.  Sometimes she would give me space to just sit in silence, and at other times, she would patiently answer my flow of questions and taught us how to do baby massages.   She laid a really good foundation for us and set us up well for the next few months.  She guided us into a routine that was really easy to develop with our son’s age. Veronica is a wonderful baby nurse and I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend her for your newborn care.


Jackie2/25/2022Ms. Veronica connected us to a warm, friendly and experienced night nurse who shared tips and tricks while caring for our baby. She made us feel very much at ease in her presence - something we really appreciated as first time parents. Ms. Veronica also sent organized weekly invoices which made payment very easy and she kept in regular contact with us throughout the experience to make sure we were getting everything we needed. Highly recommend!


Rashmi2/6/2022I called Veronica because my baby was refusing the bottle and I had to go back to work. Little did I know, she would only fix my bottle problems, but also my baby’s sleep patterns and eating schedule! My baby had been refusing to take a bottle from 2 months old to 5 months. I had to go back to work and wanted a safe way to transition from breast to bottle without forcing my baby starve to take the bottle. I knew that I wanted a skilled Infant feeding specialist to do the job and a great doula to help me with this issue as I was very anxious. I immediately felt comfortable with Veronica because she was extremely knowledgeable and took the time to listen to my baby’s eating habits and patterns. She advised me that it would take 6 days to have her transition from breast to bottle. 3 days to create the habit, and 3 days to reinforce. Veronica was extremely patient and nurturing with my daughter. To my great surprise, she was able to feed by baby with a bottle by the end of the first day!! She even texted me a video with my baby draining the end of a bottle. I was so shocked and so relieved! Veronica is truly an infant care specialist that understands the habits and behaviors of babies. Her style is affectionate and patient. My baby seemed to recognize that she was a friendly person and that she knew what she was doing. Instead of playing games with me (putting her to tongue in front of the bottle or biting it), my baby respected Veronica’s experienced hands and knew bottle time was “all business. Veronica also has an amazing ability to be present but not intrusive. She was in my house for 6 days and was present without feeling the need to constantly engage me and talk. I was happy with how professionally she conducted herself around my husband and her punctual nature.. Veronica indeed is not only a great Doula but a great new parent educator. Contact Veronica and watch you baby woes disappear! 


Johanna Suarez2/3/2022Best thing we ever did!!At first we were apprehensive to look for help online but because both of our families live far and we knew we were having a C-section we knew we needed help.Veronica was not only professional but very fast with her responses. She was very comforting in answering all of our questions and very supportive in what I wanted to do regarding breastfeeding and supplementing with formula.She helps us to interview with her team members to find a perfect match for who would be working with us.She came to our home to help us feel secure that we had everything we needed for our baby before she was born. She also gave some helpful tips on what we can buy to help us prepare make our life easier for when the baby came home.If you are considering getting help, which you will need you do not have to look any further! Go with Veronica! She will give you all the background information and references you can check with previous parents who have used her services before.This was the best money and investment we made for our family to help get sleep and recover well from my C-Section


James Laxton12/3/2021When having our first child there was so much we didn’t know, but with Veronica being a Parent Educator and a Baby Nurse, she put us right at ease, giving us a strong foundation for us as well as our newborn.  From walking us through questions we had, to demonstrating best practices, to giving mom some massages, her Postpartum Doula knowledge helped so much.  We really recommend working with her.


Miriam Morales9/4/2021Ms. Veronica: habia escuchado de usted y sus clases de cuidados de recién nacidos, hacia varios años atras, pero no tuve la oportunidad y ahora que pude, doy gracias a Dios porque he aprendido mucho en este training de Advanced Newborn Care and Doula Services.Ms. Verónica es una persona muy inteligente que sabe mucho de bebés y le gusta ensenar y compartir con otras personas su sabiduría, explica muy bien los puntos y contesta cualquier duda. Espero algún dia tener la misma sabiduría que tiene ella y poder ayudar a familias como ella lo hace.Muchas gracias Ms. Veronica por todas sus enseñanzas y entrega con nosotras!!Att. Miriam


Rosibrl9/4/2021Veronica es una mujer talentosa , con mucho conocimiento y deseo de ayudar a los demas. Tuve una gran experiencia de aprendizaje con ella y me siento muy orgullosa de ser parte de su team.Ms. Veronica es una persona que si vale la pena como madre como consejera, coach y Doula, he aprendido tanto con el training de Advanced Newborn Care Doula and Postpartum Services que estoy tan agradecida con ella, Dios me la bendiga para que siga ayudando a mas mujeres como lo a hecho conmigo, Rosibel


Armida9/4/2021Por más de dos años venía escuchando de MsVeronica Hinojosa-stang y de su compañia Baby Nurse and Doula Services y no me decidía tomar las clases, hasta que al fin me decidí y quedé realmente impresionada con todo lo que aprendí. Anteriormente saque otros certificados de doula pero no aprendí lo suficiente.Con este training de Advanced Newborn Care Doula and Postpartum Services, encontré lo que quería yya tengo mi certificado.Es un entrenamiento quevale la pena, aquí encontratas a una amiga, y a una excelente Maestra. Ms Veronica es un orgullo hispano.


Laura ochoa9/4/2021Por más de dos años venía escuchando de MsVeronica Hinojosa-stang y de su compañia Baby Nurse and Doula Services y no me decidía tomar las clases, hasta que al fin me decidí y quedé realmente impresionada con todo lo que aprendí. Anteriormente saque otros certificados de doula pero no aprendí lo suficiente.Con este training de Advanced Newborn Care Doula and Postpartum Services, encontré lo que quería yya tengo mi certificado.Es un entrenamiento quevale la pena, aquí encontrarás  a una amiga, y a una excelente Maestra. Ms Veronica es un orgullo hispano.


Ana Arévalo9/3/2021Para mi ha sido una experiencia única y maravillosa recibir este training avanzado de Newborn Care Doula y Postpartum Services! Realmente me ha sido de mucha ayuda conocer detalles que ignoraba, Ms. Verónica es una excelente educadora, enseña con hechos muy practicos y también teóricamente cada paso de cuidado para el desarrollo y bienestar tanto del bebé como de la mamá. Si alguien tiene la dicha de que se le presente una oportunidad cómo está, no la desaprovechen y serían más bendecidas si hacen el training con Ms Verónica !! Excelente maestra!! Buena amiga,Gracias Ms. Verónica!! ????????????


DS Berg7/9/2021Veronica came referred from a friend and upon meeting her, it was clear that she is not only incredibly well versed in infant care, but also kind, professional and respectful.  Veronica’s depth of knowledge regarding infant care is exceptional.  Whether it was questions about sleep training, feeding schedules, bottles, baby massage, etc. - Veronica knew the answer.  Veronica immediately formed a strong bond with us and our child.  We found her to be attentive and reliable in all aspects.  Veronica showed up on time, prepared, and always in a good mood.  She answered any questions we had and made the whole crazy newborn experience as easy as it could be.   We always felt secure leaving our infant in Veronica’s hands while we got some much-needed rest.You should know that Veronica is extremely dedicated to caring for others.  On numerous occasions she offered insights and guidance regarding our child’s sleep schedule and feeding times that were incredibly helpful.  Veronica’s experience was a huge asset as she could provide us with the peace of mind – that was particularly important for new parents. Veronica put our mind at ease and allowed us to become stronger parents. We leaned on her expertise and her advice when days felt hectic.  Given the opportunity, we would work with Veronica again in an instant.


Mallie messri6/28/2021Veronica, is truly an exceptional Baby Nurse and Infant care specialist. She was there for my family in so many ways after we brought our son home from the hospital. My husband and I were completely clueless about how to care for our newborn son so I am grateful that we were able to hire her as our private Newborn Educator. She truly was beyond our expectations. The instruction and knowledge she provided us was priceless. She put the first big smile on my face after being a bit distraught with caring for our son the first days after delivery and feeling like we were already being awful parents. First off, she helped set our son on a feeding and napping schedule. Veronica taught us how to feed, burp, swaddle, change a diaper properly and how to put on his onesies as well as many other tips and techniques to make it easier for us. She was also very loving and kind with our son which made me truly feel that we had made the right decision. She was also kind and caring with me as I was having difficulties breastfeeding for multiple reasons and very emotional from the birth experience. Being my Postpartum Doula and breastfeeding educator, She spent the time talking to me and listening to my concerns and helping in any way that she could so I could succeed breastfeeding my little one. She couldn't have performed a better role as a Postpartum Doula. I was able to produce more milk on my pumping sessions with her thanks to her wonderful massages and TLC. She has a very busy schedule and since we ended up calling her last minute to help, she was not able to work with us long term, so she worked with us for 3 days in a row and she offered her team members to work with us: day and night. We felt so comfortable with two of her team members knowing that Veronica herself trained them so it was a continuation of Her services. I am so grateful that Veronica was available for my family when we really needed her services.


Hilda Recinos6/13/2021Buenas tardes, mi nombre es Hilda Recinos, tuve la oportunidad de compartir con otras compañeras la clase impartida por Ms Veronica el Sábado y Domingo pasado, sobre NCD, la cual me pareció muy amena, energética muy entendible, ya que la explica muy bien de acuerdo a su experiencia, su carisma la hace más fácil, hay puntos que son muy claves en el cuidado del bebé como el de la madre, muchas gracias ??, bendiciones. ??


Blanca Cristales6/13/2021Ms. Veronica: Dicen que no es Mejor Maestro el que màs Sabe sino el que Mejor Enseña. En este training de Advanced Newborn Care and Postpartum Serviced; usted me enseñò mucho, por lo que le estoy muy agradecida por convertir sus clases en algo tan entretenido, interesante, alegre y a la vez didactico; Fuè un gusto y de mucha bendiciòn ser una participante de su training y quiero que sepa que sus eneñanzas han dejado huella en mi, que siempre me acompañaran en la vida, y por lo que siempre le estarè muy agradecida. Muchas gracias y que el Padre la bendiga. Con mucho cariño: Blanca L. Cristales.


Will6/3/2021Finding someone you can trust is very important. Follow your heart. 


Nivia Alvarez5/25/2021Ms Verónica, estoy muy agradecida, primeramente con Dios porque me permitió saber de ud para poder llegar a tomar su clase de Advanced Newborn care Doula and Postpartum services, de verdad, ha sido una gran bendición y privilegio el poder aprender de una grande como Ud, como le dije en clase cuando yo sea grande quiero ser como ud, gracias por enseñarnos a ser una NCD con ese amor y dedicación que ud tiene para para serlo.Muchas Gracias por enseñarnos sus técnicas y la explicación perfecta que da, por instarnos a dar lo mejor de nosotras a los bebés y papás, Siempre le pido a Dios que me guie al lugar correcto y definitivamente El siempre responde a mis súplicas! Bendiciones Ms. Verónica ojalá hubieran muchas maestras como ud!!!


Jes Wilson5/12/2021I went back and forth in my mind about writing this review or not, but after confronting Veronica about her unacceptable behavior and her not apologizing or taking accountability for any of it until weeks later when she thought someone was going to call me for a reference- and then in the same breath her asking me “not to answer the call if they reached out” I felt I had no choice but to warn other mothers and fathers here. I will start with the worst of it in case someone doesn’t read this whole thing- Veronica is on camera putting my newborn baby’s bottle nipple IN HER MOUTH so that she could have a free hand to text message and scroll on Instagram- THEN SHE PUTS THE CONTAMINATED NIPPLE RIGHT BACK INTO MY BABY’s MOUTH- IN THE MIDDLE OF A GLOBAL PANDEMIC. She also used MY BREAST MILK as a cream for her FACE! Without my permission of course- all extra milk was to be frozen, not for her crows feet. She used the “N WORD” and spoke about how she doesn’t like black women because they are all “aggressive people” and she would show me photos she took of other parents babies on her phone and talk about how my son was so cute and didn’t cry “an annoying cry” like other babies she presently was caring for. (continued)


Jes Wilson5/12/2021(continued from above) First, a little backround: We had Veronica in our home as our baby nurse for a total of 8 weeks. The beginning was nice, she helped us establish a routine and showed us things as new parents that were very helpful, she was knowledgeable and put together and helped me a lot with breast feeding. But very soon after she began taking advantage of our kindness and generosity and kind of railroading us on a lot of issues. It started with our food. She helped herself to all of our food all the time going through groceries and fresh produce faster than we could keep up. In her pitch to us she talked about how much she was going to take care of us postpartum and cook and clean for us too-she did very little of this in the beginning, she made me smoothies in the morning (but also as an excuse to make one for herself to go in OUR GLASSWARE WITHOUT ASKING- more on this later) & avocado toast maybe 3 or 4 times total, that was the extent of her “cooking” and then instead it just seemed like we were making her meals all the time/ordering her takeout. We were already paying a hefty $45 an hour for her round the clock-to not come to work with your own food/snack is unprofessional. Some nights we didn’t mind, but when she started expecting it every night and asking my husband to cook for her when he was just as exhausted as I was-remember we JUST HAD A BABY-it really started to bother us, we looked past it because we figured if she was showing love to our baby then it was all worth it. One night however, towards the end of our time together, we had ordered her Ramen, she came in to work and rather than take care of our baby right away she went straight to the kitchen & just took her sweet time eating! Who takes a 45 minute dinner break right when they start a shift? I asked her to come check on our baby and she just said “oh he’s fine” from the kitchen. (continued below)


Jes Wilson5/12/2021(continued from above) This was the beginning of her bad attitude shining through. Back to the smoothie/glassware issue: when we noticed (again ON CAMERA) that she had been taking to-go smoothies every day in our nice glassware (which was a wedding present!) on her way to the gym-we were shocked. How had this gotten past us? Who takes fine glassware in the car let alone to the gym? That’s NOT EVEN THEIRS TO TAKE? This was not okay and clearly a reason to question her trust. When confronted she got defensive & just excused her behavior by saying that she “always brought the glasses back” (I’m still missing one by the way- but oh well…) that’s the thing with Veronica, because she is savvy she has a real ego problem, she can’t just admit when she messed up and try to make it right, she has to be passive aggressive/defensive. She started making us very uncomfortable in our own home. There were other things not worth getting into that just boiled down to her not respecting us as the parents, and sort of making things “her way or the highway”. We get that she has a lot of experience, but she should also respect that it’s our child she is supposed to be caring for, not hers. Ultimately we had to fire her and end our contract 4 weeks early with all of the mistrust. When we saw the video footage of her putting our baby at risk of covid with her thousands of adult germs from her adult mouth- it broke our hearts and honestly made me cry for my baby. How could someone who is supposed to care for a little newborn put them at such a risk? As I said to her, she is NOT our babies family, even as his mother I wouldn’t do that during a pandemic and when our baby is so so young and little and vulnerable? Truly a violation. I do not recommend her.


Hilary4/1/2021When my husband and I were struggling with our daughter's sleep, Veronica and her team came to the rescue. We used their services as a night nurse and for sleep training and could not be happier. She and her team have deep experience with taking care of newborns and showed tremendous care and love with our daughter. At the end of her sleep training, our daughter was sleeping 12 hours through the night-- a significant improvement from waking every 3 hours! Her results were achieved with gentle and calm methods and no cry it out was used. We would recommend Veronica and her team to anyone looking for night nurse duties and/or sleep training  


Jennifer & Rich Ramos3/28/2021My husband and I first began working with Veronica when my son was about 4 weeks old. I found her information one night as I combed through Google in search for a baby nurse to help with night shifts so my husband and I could catch up on some much needed sleep. In the first couple of weeks of working with Veronica, we found that Veronica is not only a doula and newborn specialist, but a new parent educator as well. Veronica afforded us with more than our missed hours of sleep—she boosted our confidence as first time parents, helped add some insight in a couple of areas we had uncertainty in, and gave us peace of mind when our son was under her watch.Just before our sons’ two month mark, Veronica offered to help sleep coach us and sleep train our baby—she assured us that he could sleep safely through the night by three months; no cry it out method involved. As first time parents, it was key that we avoided the cry it out method at all cost. Fast forward twelve weeks, and we’ve officially hit the three month mark and we can confidently say Veronica is a woman of her word. Our son is sleeping through the night (10+ hrs) and is as happy as can be. We can’t thank her enough and will continue working with her once he begins to transition from bottles to solids. We are so grateful for the support she not only gave us as parents, but for the love and support she gave our son.


Marisol Marin3/28/2021After taking this Advance Baby Care and Doula Services class, I’ve really understood the role of a doula and how much worth the work they do is. It’s incredible to support someone during the most vulnerable time. I feel that I can apply my training and feel confident that I can help however the couple feels. I realize every experience will be different which will make them all special. I also feel blessed to have been given the knowledge to better help my fellow women in ways that all women should help each other; emotionally, mentally, physically, in rough times, in happy times, etc. This course was a delightful. Thank you Ms. Veronica.


Aurora culpo1/30/2021Miss Veronica is a true expert in her field. Our baby girl came by emergency C section a month early and Veronica began working right away as our night Baby Nurse and Newborn care Specialist. She helped ease my mind about caring for a C section baby who technically was not quite ready to be outside the womb yet! Along with giving our new baby an abundance of love and support, she extended this care to me, my two year old son and my husband.  I did not have a Postpartum Doula with my first baby or a sleep trainer specialist, and he did not sleep through the night until he was 15 months old. During this time I struggled with post partum depression but didn’t think to ask for support. Thanks to Veronica, the experience with my second baby was night and day compared to my first. I thought it would be hard to rest while someone had my baby but Veronica felt like a family member because she genuinely cared for my baby as if her own. By the time she left us, my baby was sleeping fully through the night at only a few months old! 5 stars!


Carlo S.12/30/2020As I sit here to write this review for Ms. Veronica, I cannot begin to express my utter gratitude for all that she did for my wife, my baby and the whole family.Being that we have an active toddler and 6 years old at home, we agreed to find a Baby Nurse this time around. Ms Veronica did so many things to not only educate us, but to support our family through the first tough weeks of bringing a Newborn home. She cared for our baby 12 hours a day, seven days a week and never showed signs of being tired. She served also as my wife's Postpartum Doula, making sure she was rested, ate appropriately and assisted her in breastfeeding.In regards of the care of our infant, she is by far the most caring Baby Nurse I have ever met. Ms Veronica took care of every aspect of her care during the entire 4 weeks which included Baby massage techniques. She also kept detailed records of the baby's schedule so we knew exactly where to pick up when she left.Ms. Veronica is also a wonderful resource for new products and online information for the baby. We felt like no question or concern was unjustified and her knowledge of the care for children is unsurpassed. Even now after she left, we feel that we can give her a call when we have a doubt or concern about our baby and she is happy to talk things through with us.You would think that in the 4 weeks she was with us that our infant woukd take all of her time, but somehow Ms. Veronica made time to spend with our two other children who felt like she was part of the family.Ms. Veronica is one of a kind, a true professional, a wonderful caregiver and a friend. We recommend her fully and we feel truly lucky that she came to our lives.We wish you well Ms. Veronica.


Scott8/10/2020Veronica is a professional in all regards. She has exceptional experience And has been a substantial help to our family in the birth of our newborn boy Beau. Her team of Doulas are well trained and we recommend working with them as well. I can’t say enough at how helpful it was to have Veronica and team on hand through the many late nights and early mornings. We now feel confident in our own abilities and look forward to working with this team on our next Child.


Jamie M2/5/2020My husband and I recently had our first baby! We reached out to Veronica to assist with the transition of bringing our new baby home and to help with my postpartum recovery. Veronica has been absolutely amazing. On our first night home from the hospital she was extremely understanding of our exhaustion and anxiety of having a new baby. She eased my concerns and was extremely reassuring. She has taught us so much about being new parents and is absolutely wonderful with our baby boy! Veronica offers great advice, wisdom, and tips to first time parents. At the same time, she listens to our requests and allows us to make decisions. Veronica has provided us with extremely valuable guidance regarding feedings and sleep for our newborn. My husband and I both went back to work very quickly after our son was born and Veronica has made the exhausting nighttime feedings and diaper changes extremely manageable so that my husband and I can get more sleep and be rested for the following day. I am so grateful for all that Veronica has done for me, my husband and our baby, Jackson. I do not know what we would have done without her!


Salvatori2/4/2020Veronica has worked as my Surrogacy Doula and New born Specialist for me for the past 3 weeks for 24 hours a day.During this time, she has treated me and my son as her own family. I am a single father with little experience with a new born so I have relied on Veronica and her team for literally everything.Not only has she taught me how to feed and care for my son, but also run a household taking care of my son, my two dogs and myself, cooking and cleaning and washing, with many friends and relatives visiting. Ms Veronica has prepared meals for not only me, but for my friends with children staying with us. (Loved her Peruvian cuisine)She has become part of my family. Once we finished our time with Ms.Veronica, she referred me to other 2 wonderful Infant Care Specialist of her team who she specially trained them. I can only say the best things about her devoted team who gave to my son and myself the same care as having Ms. Veronica. Obviously, we Had Ms. Veronica for only 3 weeks as our Baby coach and Doula specialist then I got extended care with her team for 4 more weeks.Ms. Veronica did a great job and has also given me the confidence to take care of my son in every regard and I recommend her and any of her team members to anyone who feels they need help with their newborn.  


Aysia2/3/2020In the 4 months I’ve known Veronica, she has truly become a part of our family. She began working for us as our Postpartum Doula and Newborn Care Specialist the day we brought our daughter home from the hospital. She has been a staple at our house ever since, working everyday for the first two weeks and every-other night a week and—never once missing a scheduled day or arriving late. Veronica is currently responsible for caring for baby Carson and has gotten her on a steady sleep/wake/feed schedule. Her covering Newborn-Care Specialists are just as well-recommended as Veronica herself.  When we needed extra help, her covering team-member integrated into our family’s routine perfectly, as they are trained under Veronica and practice the same philosophies.  Baby Carson’s schedule continued without a problem. Of Veronica’s strengths, her greatest is her knowledge as a newborn care specialist, Sleep-Trainer, and Doula. She devotes her full attention to making sure Carson was on the right track to healthy sleep habits right from the womb. While I could speak volumes about Veronica from both a personal and professional level, I’ll let my kids do the talking instead. My son (4) talks about her like she is a valued family member, and that’s exactly what she is.  Every night, my son looks forward to giving Veronica a warm hug goodnight. Anyone who owns multiple dogs knows how loud and rambunctious they can get when someone arrives. Some people may shrink in fear from the barking, but Veronica is unphased.  She has shown nothing but fondness to my fur babies and often helps with letting them out for their potty breaks.She conducts herself professionally, respects confidentiality, and connects with babies in a way that I have never seen. -Aysia Howard 


Anthony & Angela Duran12/20/2019Verionica and her team really saved us!! They were there to welcome us as we came home from the hospital with our little boy (our first child), and really helped to teach us the ropes and give us the confidence to be successful. We were so fortunate to work with Wendy and others from Veronica's team, all of them were so wonderful and allowed us to get the rest we needed to give our little boy the attention he deserved during the day. Following the initial three weeks after coming home from the hospital, we would occasionally call Veronica and she was very accomodating (even for a much needed last minute dinner date). We cannot reccommend her and her team enough!!


Danielle Orlick6/10/2019Veronica came to our rescue as my Postpartum DouIa, parent educator and Baby coach. I was so exhausted from our 2 week old baby girl waking up every two hours with constant cluster feeding. I called Veronica in the middle of the night in desperate need of help and a decent night of sleep to get through the rest of the newborn stage. She made herself available that week and willing to go the extra mile not only to travel to Orange County but quickly immersing herself into our family. Right when she entered our door, she confidently swooped in and took charge of our little one. After quickly being able to calm her and put her to sleep, I was lucky to receive an amazing massage and snack from her. She is a great parent Educator, constantly giving tips for a parenting success to make me a more confident first time mom, helping in anyway she can around the house while she's here, and most importantly loves and cares deeply for our baby. She has really turned things around for us so that when she's here, I know our baby is in good hands and I can catch up on some zzz's and when she's not, we can implement her feeding tricks to get longer stretches. Thank you Veronica, you are such amazing Postpartum Doula and and a great human being !


Shayda Mizutani5/30/2019My husband and I worked with Veronica Hinojosa as a postpartum doula and baby night nurse in April 2019.  Veronica met with us before our baby was due and already began providing value with her recommendations of the best baby products to start off on the right foot.  Beginning our first night home from the hospital, Veronica’s services were invaluable for us as new parents. She provided a wealth of baby knowledge and answers to all of our questions, as well as a soothing presence in the house for us and for our baby. I was especially grateful to have Veronica’s help with breastfeeding.  She helped guide me through ways to get my baby to latch better, help my baby get more milk, and prevent pain for mom. She also treated me to a wonderful leg massage at the start of every evening while I breastfed to help relieve swelling and create an overall relaxing atmosphere.  While helping me with this transition, she also provided guidance and coaching for my husband, empowering him to help me and our baby with tips and tricks and answers to all his many questions.  Her care is holistic, helping everyone in the family adjust and learn in the challenging first weeks with a newborn.We were very thankful that Veronica’s services allowed us to get more much needed sleep.  While I continued to breastfeed through the night, Veronica’s care allowed me to get the most effective breastfeeding sessions, and then allowed me to sleep immediately after feeding, so I could be as rested as possible.I highly recommend Veronica’s services as both a postpartum doula and baby night nurse for any parents.  Veronica helped set the stage for us to have the tools necessary to care for our baby with confidence. There is no substitute for experience, and Veronica's many years of experience as a doula are evident in her knowledge of baby care as well as care for mom. 


Chris Mizutani4/19/2019Veronica has great insight into how to care for newborn babies. Not only did she give us restful nights by taking care of our 2 day old son, she taught us what products to purchase, how to deal with his fussiness, when to change, how to breastfeed, and the list goes on and on.  She's an excellent teacher/ Baby Coach, allowing us to become confident in our parenthood adventures moving forward. I highly recommend her as a postpartum doula and will be using her again for sleep training in the coming weeks.


Claudia Contreras1/10/2019I was referred to Ms. Veronica by my sister and was fortunate to have the chance of meeting a wonderful woman, a mentor and a great teacher.It was an amazing and heartwarming experience where I learned so many new things such as caring about the wellbeing of the mother and baby; how to calm and soothe a baby while massaging them using the best techniques. I had never felt so close to a teacher before; Ms. Veronica was very welcoming and had such great charisma with a touch of realness.From the moment I started the class, I felt really comfortable and it is amazing how many things I learned in just three days. Ms. Veronica prepares you with hands on training for the professional world. I definitely recommend this training to anyone who is interested in working with the care of a baby and mother’s postpartum recovery. I am so thankful for this experience and cant wait to put this wonderful training into action and change someone’s world. Thank you Ms. Veronica for your time and knowledge that you shared with us and for trusting me tobe one of your team members. Much love!Claudia Contreras


Scott Campbell10/23/2018FANTASTIC TWINS SPECIALIST & DOULA AFTER SURROGACYMy husband and I found Veronica about 6 months before the birth of our twins by surrogate. We had no clue how to prepare for parenthood and she was crucial in our success! She met with us several times in the months leading up to the birth and guided us on the essentials to get, helped us set up our nursery and talked us through what to expect on the big day. She even did a site visit for the nursery to help calm us and double checked everything.We left the hospital deliriously happy and legitimately delirious from sleep deprivation. Veronica met us at MIDNIGHT at our house to help us get the twins settled and she promptly sent us off to bed ourselves. We felt so relieved to know that our kids were in good hands and we had her guidance and expertise.Working with Veronica as our Doula after surrogacy, has increased our confidence, made us more hands-on and has helped us enjoy the process of becoming parents. As an Infant Educator, she prepared mini workshops for us in the comfort of our residence and instilled with confidence the tricks for parenting our babies.With gratitude, Scott


nicole faurote12/7/2017This testimonial is for Veronica Hinojosa Stang as our Postpartum Doula, Lactation Specialist and Baby Nurse.We originally hired one of Veronica's assistants to start on a Monday, but when I came home from the hospital I was in major need of a lactation specialist due to engorgement so I called Veronica. She was able at the last minute rearrange her schedule to come help us that Saturday night.When she first got here she started with a massage, since she is a certified massage specialist, while I painfully pumped to give me some relief and help release my milk. I couldn't believe within one night with Veronica my breast were better.The next thing she really helped with was my little one's sucking and latch because our baby had problems with her tongue. Veronica finger fed her and within a couple nights she had her sucking coordination perfected!Overall we would highly recommend Veronica because without her nurturing postpartum care, lactation, and baby nurse skills our transition home would have never been so smooth.


Joana Pak7/20/2017I was feeling overwhelmed by my 3 month little one as he went from easily taking the bottle to suddenly refusing it. With the days passing without much sleep, I was defeated and I needed help. My husband and I weren't familiar with Veronica's services, but we were referred to her and we have never looked back. It has been 4 weeks since Veronica has entered our lives and our little one is surely taking the bottle from anyone including myself! The stress that was once weighing on me has lifted and I have regained my sanity. I am no longer worrying about how my baby will eat when I return to work!Veronica is a wonderful, lovable baby nurse who will take care of your little ones like her own. She is gracious to explain her methods to better help the situation. Light-hearted and a fun spirit, Veronica has been a joy to have in our home.


Alexia Guuinic2/18/2017Veronica is the most efficient and caring woman I have ever met. I had planned to be accompanied by a Postpartum doula right after delivery but got let down the night before without being offered a backup help. This is when I called Veronica at 4am, in need of some help the same morning and she made it happen. She came herself in such short notice to help me with my newborn and made me feel so reassured. A true Mary Poppins who got my 3 days old daughter to laugh :) Due to the fact that she was already booked for the nights, she also found us the perfect doula for our daughter Eva that we have kept ever since. I would recommend their services to anyone. They are so professional, caring and tender with babies. Thanks again for all your help! Alexia Guuinic


Elizabeth Berl11/14/2016Veronica Hinojosa-Stang, is truly an exceptional Postpartum Doula and Infant Care Specalist. She was there for my family in so many ways after we brought our son home from the hospital. My husband and I were completely clueless about how to care for our newborn son so I am grateful that we were able to hire Veronica as our private Newborn Educator. She truly was beyond our expectations. The instruction and knowledge she provided us with is priceless. She put the first big smile on my face after being a bit distraught with caring for our son the first days after delivery and feeling like we were already being awful parents. First off, she helped set our son on a feeding and napping schedule. Veronica taught us how to feed, burp, swaddle, change a diaper properly and how to put on his onesies as well as many other tips and techniques to make it easier for us. She was also very loving and kind with our son which made me truly feel that we had made the right decision.


Sarah Sheppard4/5/2016I found Veronica and her team when my baby girl was two weeks old. Reasonably new to America and with a Husband who travels for work regularly I was overwhelmed and sleep deprived and not coping well with the demands of a newborn. She was the first and only person I met with. Within five minutes of meeting her and explaining my situation, I am not ashamed to admit, I was crying. She put her arms around me and was so kind and genuine in her concern, I immediately felt better. I signed a contract that day, I admit, I was apprehensive at first; my Husband and I are both private people and the thought of someone staying with us overnight; especially in charge of our baby, was new for both of us but within a couple of days any fears we had were gone. Veronica is a wonderful balance of maintaining utter professionalism while feeling like a friend; the few extra hours sleep and time with my Husband was wonderful and I started to feel human again! I am learning so much from Veronica; feeding, bathing, massage and the bond between my daughter and I has got stronger. I am able to find joy in my time with her whereas before I was too tired and stressed to focus. With Veronica’s services, I have recovered from a difficult pregnancy, both physically and mentally, and now feel confident in my abilities to parent my baby and give her the best of me. My Husband and I agree that hiring Veronica was the best decision we have ever made. I consider her part of the family and hope to continue a friendship with her long after her services are no longer needed.


S. Hassa8/8/2015We hired Veronica Hinojosa-Stang as our Postpartum Doula and Travelling Baby Nurse and this letter is to show my appreciation for the help provided to my family during the birth of our son. I went from Washington Dc to LA to deliver my 3rd child .I conducted various interviews to find a Baby Nurse and knew that I would hire Veronica right after I met her. She is  a great professional, responsive and always eager to help.With a new newborn, I had to travel back to Washington on a 6 hour flight. I decided to take Veronica with the family. Veronica took impeccable care of the baby at the airport during the entire check in/security (3 hrs) and duration of the flight. Veronica was extremely professional in the care of our baby since he was born. I really appreciated that Veronica takes her time feeding the baby and ensures that he is properly burped and stomach settled before putting him down (this can take up to 1.5 hours at a stretch every 3 hours or so!). I was also assisted by Veronica on the various ways to ensure that the baby latches on and given tremendous support on overall lactation issues. This was a difficult learning process and I could not have managed without Veronica’s assistance.Veronica always makes sure that the bottles are properly cleaned and with the free time available, also manages to do the baby’s laundry and even helps in the kitchen and gets the time to interact with my other 2 daughters ages 5 and 2.As a POSTPARTUM DOULA , she did a great job looking for the well-being of the whole family as a unit. She was able to share some of her time with my other 2 kids and played, danced and read some books. My daughters learned a little bit of Spanish in her short visit with us which was amazing.Veronica is highly energized, fits her schedule to accommodate the needs of the mother and loves working with infants. I highly recommend Veronica for newborn and infant care.


Heather Ross5/18/2015My husband and I had been searching for the right Postpartum Doula for our newborn twins Jeffrey and Grace when we found Veronica. We knew right away from her experience and loving ways that she was the one. Even before the delivery, Veronica helped us in the planning - setting up the nursery, key items to have, etc. Once the babies were home, Veronica went right to work making sure they were well taken care of. The twins were preemies so extra care was needed. She helped me with breastfeeding which was a challenge because we also had to give the babies formula until my milk came in. She also quickly got the babies on a sleeping schedule that was a life-saver.Veronica’s professional credentials speak for themselves. Her education and nursing experience were key for us and there were many times she taught us valuable information that we hadn’t read in books. But what’s equally important is Veronica’s passion and dedication. She made our babies (and us) feel loved and cared for. I would highly recommend Veronica to anyone looking for a Doula or Baby Nurse!


Jennifer Jones4/12/2015Veronica Hinojosa-Stang worked as a Postpartum Doula Infant Care Specialist for both of our children. We were so lucky to find her as she was extremely comforting at a delicate time for us as new parents and she was also a great "refresher" as 2nd time parents. She was very helpful and supportive during the first few months of breast feeding on both occasions.We were always so relieved when Veronica arrived each night to take care of both of our babies. She has a wealth of knowledge and experience that we have found extremely helpful. Her instructions on how to swaddle, give a bath, baby massage, etc, were wonderful. We loved her Must-Have Baby Items List when we had our first child and had the same items ready to go the second time around.Veronica sleep trained our Son before she finished her contract. After about two weeks, he started to wake again for night feedings. We brought her back a month later and she waved her magic wand and fixed his sleep pattern in three nights.Veronica is amazing and she was the first person we called when we found out we were expecting baby #2. We definitely recommend her to any family looking for an Infant Care Specialist and/or Doula.


Julie Riccardi Liubicic10/8/2014We interviewed a number of Doulas for the birth of our first child and are so glad we chose Veronica.Veronica's prenatal visits were comprehensive, practical, and extremely reassuring for me as a first-time mother (as well as for my husband as a first-time father). Veronica brings a wisdom and confidence to birth education that I was not able to obtain from self-study using books and videos, all of it delivered with an infectious positivity and sense of humor. Veronica made us feel extremely well-prepared for our daughter's upcoming birth.At the birth itself, Veronica was a calming presence during my long and difficult labor. Empathy, motivation and massages were delivered exactly when needed, along with professional consultation about my different options as the labor progressed. Veronica also interacted well with my OB and the labor and delivery nurses, quickly making herself part of the team.We are also used Veronica as our Post-partum Doula. Again, we are glad we made this choice, and we and our daughter have benefitted from her knowledge, skill and caring. Veronica has taught me a great deal about how to care for a newborn and also has taught my husband about the various roles a new dad can play in the first month of a child's life. My husband agrees that Veronica has been invaluable to us during this period.Bottom line -- Veronica is terrific and I strongly recommend her to anyone considering a Doula


Danielle Costa10/1/2014We hired Veronica Hinojosa-Stang as a night doula and newborn baby specialist. Veronica was a god-sent. We are first time parents, and when i interviewed Veronica, she said -- you will want a night nurse -- and she ended up being so right! The first couple nights, as we were fumbling our way through having a newborn, Veronica was right there helping us, coaching us, and putting our mind at ease. Also, she prepped me in advance with a "list" -- which ended up being so useful. She's lovely and pleasant to boot. Smartest thing i did was to hire her!


S. Hassa6/22/2014We hired Veronica Hinojosa-Stang as our Postpartum Doula and Travelling Baby Nurse and this letter is to show my appreciation for the help provided to my family during the birth of our son. I conducted various interviews to find a Baby Nurse and knew that I would hire Veronica right after I met her. Veronica is a Postpartum Doula, travelling Baby Nurse, lactation educator and trained in sleep therapy for infants as well as massage therapy. Veronica has decades of experience in the care of newborns and infants. She is professional, responsive and always eager to help.Veronica was extremely professional in the care of our son since he was born. I really appreciated that Veronica takes her time feeding the baby and ensures that he is properly burped and stomach settled before putting him down (this can take up to 1.5 hours at a stretch every 3 hours or so!). I was also assisted by Veronica on the various ways to ensure that the baby latches on and given tremendous support on overall lactation issues. This was a difficult learning process and I could not have managed without Veronica’s assistance.With a new newborn, I had to travel on a 6 hour flight. I decided to take Veronica with the family. Veronica took impeccable care of the baby at the airport during the entire check in/security (3 hours) and duration of the flight. The baby did not even cry once! and seemed very comfortable on her arm for almost 11 hours straight. It was amazing how Veronica handled the entire journey with a great sense of humor.Veronica is highly energized, fits her schedule to accommodate the needs of the mother and loves working with infants. I highly recommend Veronica for newborn and infant care.


Jen Saez12/8/2013Veronica is an angel! We hired her when we learned that my father suffered a heart attack and my parents were unable to be with us following the birth of my daughter. My husband researched Baby Nurses and Post-Partum Doulas in Santa Monica and thankfully found Veronica. Even though she was already booked through the end of the year, she accommodated us on her days off and found additional help to fill in the rest of the time. Veronica is one of the most caring, loving and supportive women I have ever met. She was the first and only Doula we interviewed as I felt immediately comfortable with her and had total confidence that she was the right person for the job. She treated me as if I was her daughter as she tenderly nursed me back to health from my C-Section. She taught me how to do everything from nursing to bathing to swaddling and changing the baby, in addition she gave me a list of all additional essentials that we did not have in the house. I couldn’t be more satisfied with my experience with Veronica; I only wish that she could have stayed longer. My time with her made a world of difference in my life, even though it was brief I felt very prepared transitioning into motherhood. I would recommend Veronica to anyone looking for a post-partum doula. Veronica asked for constructive criticism when she was leaving and I honestly couldn’t think of anything for her to improve on. It was easy to have her in my home and I truly valued my experience with her so much so that I cried when she left.


Justina Baskauskas9/19/2013I hired Veronica as a night nurse and postpartum doula following my arrival home after a c section delivery of my second child. Our contract was for one month, with an option to add an additional two weeks within the quarter.As a single mom, it was important to me to have reliable, professional and nurturing night and morning help for me and my daughters following my c section delivery. I was looking for an experienced professional to assist with bringing the baby to me for night feedings, burping and soothing the baby after the feedings and putting the baby down for the night as my mobility was severely limited. I also needed someone who would make sure I rested and recovered and received ample food and liquids. I needed someone who would make breakfast for me and my elder child, take my dog outside if needed, be available in case of emergency.I interviewed many night nurses and doulas, explaining my situation in detail. Most other candidates wanted to focus only on the baby. Veronica was the only one who understood my situation and was able to care for my whole family, including an aged dog. Veronica took excellent care of me, my newborn and my elder child. She was nurturing, helpful and went beyond the call of duty. In addition, she gladly shared many tricks of the trade in terms of newborn care, things that I wish I had known as a first time mom. While sleep training was not part of our month together, I have confidence that Veronica is excellent in these capabilities. I recommend her without hesitation


April Lee12/30/2012As a new mom there are so many tips and products out there that you easily get lost/ confused. Veronica's tips and advice as well as her presence helped me find ways to help my baby. Also her assistance with developing a schedule will be beneficial for the months to come.The most benefitial aspect of her services was that I got the rest after months of interrupted sleep. I learned trick on how to put my baby to sleep for longer streches and how to swaddle so my baby does not scape!Veronica would speak with my baby as he were her own!I wish she could charge less so I could have keep her forever


Brian Worden9/19/2012Veronica served as a part-time baby nurse and postpartum doula for us in July and August of 2012. We found her to be very knowledgeable, capable, hard-working, and friendly. When there was not baby care to be done, she would find various other ways to help us during the hectic transition period of welcoming home our newborn. She also took time to teach us some basics of newborn care including swaddling and infant massage.Veronica even traveled with us on a weekend away from home and did a tremendous job of caring for our little one while we were attending to other duties. All of our friends and family who met Veronica were very impressed with her skills and amiable demeanor. I have no reservations in recommending her to others. Brian Worden


Cynthia Cheung6/16/2012We called Veronica when our 3-week-old daughter was having trouble with reflux and not sleeping more than 45 minutes a stretch. We were exhausted and not able to fully enjoy this wonderful time. Veronica has a career that spans more than 10 years and more than 100 babies, including multiples. She is well-read in the newborn literature and is probably more qualified than anyone to handle any situation. She is a postpartum doula, certified newborn care specialist, lactation specialist, and massage therapist for adults and infants, to name a few of her many hats. She has gone the extra mile to acquire not just extensive certifications but the knowledge and experience to excel at what she does. My wife and I are both physicians (type A personalities!) with particular concerns about safety and trust. Veronica quickly earned our trust and allayed our fears about letting someone else help care for our first and only child. Though she has admitted to me that my daughter is one of the most spirited babies she has ever cared for, I am thrilled to report that she is now consistently sleeping 3-5 hour stretches between feeds. Veronica is nothing but professional, kind, friendly, loving, and a great communicator. She treats our daughter as if she were her own. I give Veronica my highest recommendation. Hiring her was a great investment and has allowed me and my wife to be well-rested and to give our daughter 100%.Daniel & Cynthia


Tracy Sternhell3/21/2012 Veronica worked with us for one month and was extremely helpful to me. She provided me with the security of knowing my baby was in good hands while I slept which was so important . She assisted me with nursing techniques, gave good advice, and was very loving with our son. I thought it might feel weird having someone stay over in our home, but she put me at ease right away and was very professional and comforting. I was impressed with her organization and professionalissm. I would highly recommend Veronica and definitely use her again in the future.


Roli Katthar6/30/2011 I called Veronica the day I came back home after c-section. I was in so much pain with my swollen feet I was not able to get up from the bed. I was in tears when I called her because I had no help at home. Veronica was so kind and nice, she came right away. Her massage made me able to walk within 4 days. She also taught me how to bath the baby, swaddle the baby, and techniques to calm down the baby. She is also a great cook. She is very professional, kind hearted, and caring. The value of Veronica's time and teaching was invaluable to us. I can't say enough good things about her. Veronica is very kind and caring and wonderful with the babies in her care.  She even went on coloring my hair because I was unable to get out my apartment. She is a great person, like a mother. I wish you all the best! Roli Katthar  


Heidi Lieberman10/27/2010 Veronica HInojosa-Stang was my doula for the birth of my son Benjamin.  She helped keep me calm, helped keep my husband calm and aided in a very pleasant birth experience.  I would recommend her to anyone about to go through the labor process.  She cares about you and your well being and always listened to my needs.  


Jessica Morrison & Gary Blau9/10/2009July 31, 2009It is with great pleasure that we recommend the services of Veronica Hinojosa-Stang. From the time we signed our contract with her she provided us with information, tips, and suggestions to help us prepare for our little one. In the weeks leading up to our daughter’s arrival, Veronica coached us in birthing techniques and educated us in the stages of Labor. Because of her labor support and valuable information I was confident and calm enough to have a drug free all natural birth. My labor lasted less that 5 hours and I was able to spend most of the time in the comfort of my home and not the hospital.My husband and I especially appreciated the time Veronica provided us to recover and rest after arriving home. By the end of our time with her, Veronica had established a routine of feedings, naps, baths and, play time leaving us feeling like confident, experienced parents.I cannot imagine trusting anyone other than Veronica to come into our home and be a part of such special time in our lives, Not only is he the best at what she does, she is warm hearted, sincere and loving. We wouldn’t have done it without her and she is always welcome in our home.Jessica Morrison Blau  


Andrea JonesRivera6/30/2009April 21st, 2009On Behalf of Veronica Hinojosa-Stang Baby Nurse and Doula ServicesTo whom it may concern: My husband and I employed Veronica Hinojosa-Stang as a Baby Nurse for our newborn son. Following a complicated delivery at Cedars-Sinai Hospital that left me on bed rest for several weeks, we selected Veronica to help care for our infant son. She has cared for Wil as if he were her own son and she has become a part of our daily life and part of our family.  We interviewed countless people and Veronica quickly set herself apart from the other night Nurses and Doulas with her professionalism, services and the advice she offered. She has taught me a great deal about caring for my son and caring for myself while I have a newborn.  Veronica is an intelligent and motivated individual. One of her services Veronica provides is massage therapy. After a long day caring for my son, a massage is just what a tense new mother needs but the very last thing she has time for during her hectic day. Veronica makes the massage possible by offering it at one of her services. I consider myself an expert in massage, having enjoyed massages at spas across the country and, indeed, around the world, and would rank Veronica with the very best. That I was able to have the massage with Veronica in my home with my newborn son a feet away just a few weeks after undergoing a difficult c- section is a remarkable gift and I feel blessed to have Veronica in our home.  There is nothing more important than caring for your newborn child and in order to do it well, you have to take care of yourself. Veronica has helped me do that. She has taken the time to give excellent care to our child and has extended that level of care to me as well.Sincerely,  Andrea Jones Rivera  


Angelica Chapman6/3/2009My #1 tip for new Moms - GET A BABY NURSE! After spending 8 days in the hospital, I came home to an angel named Veronica who has expended endless amounts of energy on taking care of me and my baby. She has helped me feed her, burp her, change her... she has cooked, cleaned, shopped for food and baby supplies, given me heavenly massages and kept me informed, educated and most important - showered! . I don't care if you have to take out a second mortgage on your house to pay for it - it's worth it!   Here is Veronica's website, check it out and tell all your friends: http://www.BabynurseandDoulaservices.com  