DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Xochilt Hernandez

Doula Xochilt

Long Beach, CA  Service range 35 miles

Birth Fee

$1200 to $2500

CONTACT XOCHILT VIEW XOCHILT'S AVAILABILITY

Dunia R.8/4/2023I always thought a doula was meant to support the mom during pregnancy and labor but Xochilt was much more than that. She was a great help to me but an even greater help to my husband. I labored for over 24 hours and Xochilt and my husband would take turns helping me through contractions and being there for me. My husband says he couldn’t have done it without her! She really went above and beyond. I had to have an unexpected c section and not only was she at the hospital, she kindly drove my mom home in the middle of the night so my husband could stay with me after my surgery.Xochilt has excellent bedside manner and is very knowledgeable when it comes to pregnancy/labor and delivery. We highly recommend her to any couple out there searching for a doula! 


Lucy A.8/1/2023  I had such a great pregnancy and birthing experience with Xochi! From the moment i spoke to her on the phone, I knew she was perfect to be my doula! When we met in person, I was so thrilled at how great she was with my 2 year old daughter as well!! Xochi is simply so kind and positive; she made me feel very ready to give birth and freed my mind of any worries.  She even drove me to the birthing center in my hour of need and was there for anything I needed during my labour. I was also so happy that Xochi got great footage of my water birth for me! I really hope we stay friends forever ~ Thank you so much for everything,  Xochi!!  


Brooke T7/6/2023My friend recommended Xochilt to me and we are extremely grateful for her help. Being a first-time mom can be difficult when navigating through pregnancy and birth, but Xochilt was incredibly sweet and answered all of our questions without any hesitation. During my birth, she was an absolute angel, providing comfort by holding my hand, rubbing my back, and answering my husband’s questions. We adore her and highly recommend her as the perfect doula for anyone in need.