DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
18 TESTIMONIALS

Candace Mensik, CD(DONA), SpBCPE

Transcendent Birth LLC

Sugar Land, TX  Service range 65 miles

7136288465

https://transcendentbirth.com

Birth Fee

$1400 to $1625

CONTACT CANDACE VIEW CANDACE'S AVAILABILITY

Kelley Fluty8/4/2023We loved having Candace as our doula for the birth of our first child, and we hope to have her for subsistent babies as well! Candace has the most calm and loving demeanor and brings peace to the delivery room. She was so respectful of all of our decisions and really empowered us to make them. Candace knows so much about labor and delivery, she is always such a good resource for us–before, during, and after birth!


Lisa5/31/2023We are so so happy to have had Candace be a part of the birth of our first child, little baby Noah born on May 3, 2023.  She was absolutely wonderful and we recommend her to anyone about to give birth!  Our initial visits were all about preparing me and answering any questions we had.  She is so professional, warm and supportive.  She was always accepting of me and my preferences, never influencing me on how my birth should go.  You should have seen the relaxing environment she created for us at the hospital, it felt like a spa!  Aromatherapy, fake candles, calming music, lights turned down - I was truly able to stay calm and focus on the birth of our baby.  She made sure to help move me around as my labour was progressing to allow baby to be in the best possible position for birth.  My husband was also grateful to her as he was able to take a nap while I was laboring so he could truly be present when it was time for me to push and then in postpartum when I was completely exhausted.  She was also able to capture photos of our birth so we can forever look back on our wonderful experience.  We truly had an amazing birth story and are so grateful to Candace for her calming manner and care she gave the both of us in welcoming our child into this world.


Lilly Zheng4/18/2023You will not regret having her on your side! We didn't find Candace until 2 weeks before my due date, and after the initial meeting with her, I was so excited instead of being fearful of the big day. She prepared us and answered all of our questions. She has the perfect qualities you would want in a doula. She is professional, gentle, strong, wise, and most importantly, she truly cares about every mama.I went into the hospital and was panicking in pain while waiting for a labor room to be available. But the moment Candace showed up, her presence changed the room's atmosphere completely. She checked on me, offered options for the environment, for pain management, explained what I was going through, and was always supportive of my decisions. Believe it or not, the pain became so much more manageable. I was really lucky that everyone on the medical team, plus Candace, was cheering me on and encouraging me.Many hours after the baby was born, I asked her when she needed to leave, and her answer really touched me. She said, "there's not a time she needs to leave, if there is, it's whenever I'm ready." I felt so loved and supported in every way. About a week postpartum, Candace came to our home for a follow-up where she answered many more questions, coached me on how to breastfeed, and offered many valuable resources. Candace is an awesome human being,  I'd work with her again!Thank you so very much, Candace!"   


Tiffany C1/24/2023I highly recommend hiring Candace as your doula. I don’t know how I would have been able to get through my unmedicated birth as well as I did without Candace’s knowledge and unwavering support throughout my pregnancy and labor & delivery of my baby girl. As soon as you meet her, you will feel this overwhelming sense of calm and relief! She is right by your side every step of the way and makes you feel so comfortable. So thankful I was able to have the “birth of my dreams” if you will, thanks to Candace’s knowledge and support! She is also a huge support system postpartum as well. She is truly such a blessing!


Chelsey Beveridge10/1/2022Candace made me feel so prepared and confident for birth. Before working with her, I was pretty scared at the thought of going through labor but with Candace’s guidance, I felt prepared and even excited for it! She was so easy to work with and supported my birth preferences completely. She was a huge help to my husband to help him be an active support partner in bringing our daughter into the world.


Sarah6/2/2022Through my whole pregnancy Candace felt engaged and involved and most importantly like she really truly cared about me and how this process went for me. Every time we met up for a session my husband and I discussed how much better we felt after talking to her, she eased our anxiety and just empowered us to think “we can do this”In our birthing class I thought the way she made my husband practice the massages with me felt a little silly because she’d be there with us at birth to direct, but it was amazing how empowered my husband felt to step in before she arrived and implemented what she’d taught him, what I’d thought a little silly was apparently exactly what HE needed to feel empowered to help, which was one of our goals in getting a doula. With Candace’s assistance my birth was truly a magical and calm experience and markedly different from my first.I also want to shout out and thank Candace for coming to the hospital not once but twice. I was induced and in communication with Candace the whole time and we had agreed she’d come when I felt out of control and wanted assistance, my second day at the hospital my baby was found breech and needed an emergency ECV or c-section. I was terrified if the ECV failed I’d end up separated from my baby somehow so we came up with the plan that should anything happen Candace would stay with me and my husband would go with baby. So Candace came to the hospital at 11pm for the ECV, which was successful! Then when my doctor told me we wouldn’t be breaking my water or using more medication to induce labor until the morning, Candace went home  and was back when I went into labor the next day without any complaints and a smile on her face ready to help.If you are looking for a doula who cares about, empowers you and gives you the gumption to labor on your own terms I cannot recommend Candace enough.


Emily Koeritz5/13/2022The best decision I made was choosing Candace as our doula. She is a natural nurturer and amazing support partner. Her delicate and soothing touch through natural childbirth helped me through the toughest contractions. She supported me in my pregnancy by helping me navigate prenatal decisions, being diligent during each appointmnet and providing absolute care during labor to help me reach my goal of a natural delivery. She was instrumental in providing phyisical and emotional guidance. I can't imagine another doula as thoughtful, attentive, knowledgeable and encouraging. When I think of my daughter's birth, I am reminded how lucky I was to have Candace on our team. It was important for us that my husband be apart of the laboring experience, and Candace helped make that happen by showing him techniques and helping him feel confident in his participation. I am truly blessed for the positive impact she had on my pregnancy, delivery and postpartum. ?????? 


Khyati Shahh4/29/2022Candace has been an amazing doula and of great help. She definitely adds value even if you have an OBGYN. Her visits never feel short of time; she is there for you as long as you need her on the day you decide to meet. Her presence during labor was of immense value for us as we made some decisions based on her recommendations and my situation during labor which we wouldn't have otherwise. During labor, she recommended me some positions that helped dilate my cervix naturally and faster. She took some candid photos of my baby and myself and my husband in some immediately after delivery once I was with my baby. She has recommendations and referrals for all the products and doctors like acupressure that we can use during and after pregnancy. I highly recommend her as a doula.


Chintan Barbhaya4/25/2022We met Candace relatively late in the pregnancy but she was extremely helpful to get us prepared which helped the arrival of our son go smoothly. Candance met us for an initial "Getting to know you" visit, and two other times to help prepare the birth plan and labor prep. She also joined us during the delivery at the hospital and visited us a few days after baby arrived.Candace also provide information and guidance via text. She was helpful, patient and very easy to work with. My wife and I both really benefitted from her involvement in the birth of our son!


Lisa Collard4/9/2022Grateful to have Candace as our doula! We felt so supported throughout the whole process. After having two challenging births, she was there to guide us through a wonderfully smooth third birth.Candace taught us several Spinning Babies techniques that proved to be very useful. She offered reminders when I needed them, and helped me relax. Her wealth of knowledge was so reassuring to me. I used Candace as a sounding board for many of my concerns leading up to delivery. I felt cared for and respected. When I needed something she was there. I’m thankful for her gentle and steadfast support that made this birth all the more wonderful!


Brittany Clark3/28/2022We started looking for doulas and Candace was the first person we met with. We left the meeting and my husband and I both immediately knew that she was the perfect fit. Through the whole pregnancy she was such a wonderful resource and truly prepared us for labor and delivery. Our pregnancy and delivery was truly a blessing and we ended up with a perfect little angel for a daughter. I really and truly believe that all of Candace’s support was critical to having such a beautiful birth experience.


Riley Garrett2/20/2022Candace was such a valuable member of our birth team! Her prenatal support and labor prep gave me so much more confidence and empowerment going into labor. During labor Candace was a constant source of encouragement, expertise, and comfort. She provides care with compassion and respect, never with judgement. Our L&D nurse even said she was the best doula she'd ever worked with! Candace has continued to be a supportive resource even in the postpartum period. I am so thankful we had Candace as our doula and wouldn't consider not having her as our doula again next time! 


Hannah Gott9/28/2021I highly recommend Candace to be your birth doula! No need to look any further! She was an immense aid to my birthing experience, I honestly don't think things would have turned out as well as they did without her! My baby was in an OP position and she greatly helped get him into the right position during labor. She was there by my side and helped me with all of the proper positioning for birth, and provided the calmness and confidence that I needed to give birth to my big 9 lb baby boy. She was available when I needed her and she helped advocate for me what my needs were during labor. She provided AMAZING support during pregnancy, labor, and after birth postpartum.


Eva Rottman6/8/2021I had candece as my doula for the birth of my daughter last month. I cannot express enough how amazing she is ! I was not dilating because the head was in the wrong position . I was in a lot of pain end the birth was not progressing Candace is an expert with spinning babies and she did some exercises with me to help the baby get in the right position and after just 20 minutes there was progress end I was dilating! It was like she worked miracles.She is so caring end did her best to make me feel as comfortable as possible and understand my medical rights.I highly recommend her . 


Sarah Clark5/27/2021My husband and I cannot speak highly enough of Candace and our experience with her. She brings such a sense of peace with her along with a wealth of knowledge. This was my first child and birth and really had no idea where to start with my birth preferences. Candace helped us think through many possible scenarios that the birth could go and we felt very prepared and empowered because of her. We labored at home for as long as we could with her and the experience was wonderful. Due to covid she couldn’t come into the hospital with us, but she prepared us so well it was like she was there. We will definitely be using her again with our next child and recommending her to everyone we know who is going to have a baby soon.


Moe Meyer5/21/2021When I met with Candace for the first time there was an instant connection. Her demeanor was so calming and reassuring. I felt supported in all of my birth preferences. I 100% believe that Candace was absolutely pivotal in having a natural birth-- Thanks to her training in Spinning Babies we were able to navigate the intense back labor I was having and shift my baby into optimal positioning. She championed me through every contraction and created a peaceful environment to labor in. I am SO grateful for her and would 10/10 recommend to any mama looking to have a similar sacred birth.


Karina5/1/2021My husband and I loved having Candace on our team. I felt we all had a similar mindset and had the same end goal - a calm delivery! Candace prepared us well , and my delivery was a beautiful experience ! 


Carla Pugal9/17/2018Our family had an awesome experience during our second birth due to Candace. I decided to go wth a doula for our second birth because I did not the very cold approach you usually get from medical staff that are just checking off their daily routines. When speaking with Candace she let me know about of some information I could ask my doctor that I had no idea about. Candace also constantly checked up on me and discussed some interesting techniques I could use while at the hospital. The day of my son's birth was a bit difficult compared to my first and my husband was nervous and having a hard time trying to ease the situation. Candace arrived and we were both so relieved. A really bad contraction began as she entered, she put down her things right away and had me do some tecniques that made the contractions bareable. When it came time to push, Candace and my husband assisted and she coached me through even after my son was out. She brought a list of things we had previously discussed so that her and I would not forget my plan and we stuck to it. I am grateful to have had a wonderful experience with my doula and I it would have been the same without her help and positive energy.Side note: My husband and I were kind of feeling a tad weird about using a doula the closer I got to my dute date just for the fact that it is another person in a very intimate moment for your family. We totally agree that we made the best choice with going through with the doula experience. If you are in doubt, take my word for it, go for it because it is worth it.