DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Alissa Avila-Hansen

The Doulove Way

Tehachapi, CA  Service range 100 miles  Will consider traveling to rural cities within 80 mile radius of Tehachapi, CA.

6612380076

https://www.instagram.com/thedouloveway/

Birth Fee

$1200

CONTACT ALISSA VIEW ALISSA'S AVAILABILITY

Mikaela7/26/2023This was my first pregnancy and one of the things my midwife highly recommended was getting a doula, so I began my search. I was referred to Alissa by a different doula who couldn't take me on. Alissa and I immediately clicked on our video chat. I felt comfortable with her from the start due to her friendly and outgoing personality. Alissa was so present throughout my whole pregnancy, especially towards the end when I really needed it. She answered so many of my first time mom questions, she gave me so many resources, research, data, techniques, info you name it to educate me and my husband. When I was too burnt out to do my birth plan she finished it for me. During my birth Alissa made so many great suggestions and again was there for me even in the middle of the night before we arrived at the birth center. She brought so many tools to use at the birth center which were life savers for helping me cope with labor. She took the most beautiful pictures of my baby being born, made sure my birth plan was followed, gave so much encouragement, and after made sure my husband and I were taken care of and settled before departing. Postpartum she continued her helpfulness with home visits by helping with chores and lifting my spirits by just sitting and chatting with me. Even after my allotted time with Alissa I am still able to get in contact with her if I ever needed. Alissa succeeds expectations and goes above and beyond what I ever thought a doula would. She's always educating herself and keeping herself up to date. She goes above and beyond for her clients in all the ways possible. I could write 15 pages on why Alissa should be your doula but I'll stop here. The bottom line is Alissa was made to be in this line of work and anyone would be lucky to have her as support during their pregnancy, birth, & postpartum. I was so lucky to have her as my doula and as long as the circumstances aline next time she'll be at my next birth and all the ones to come. 


Britany3/11/2023I was on my second surrogacy journey and decided to look into hiring a doula for additional support when I was introduced to Alissa. She was very thorough and explained things in a way both myself, partner and the intended parents could understand clearly throughout the pregnancy to best help us prepare for when I would go into labor. She went above and beyond to help me physically and emotionally and I couldn't  be more thankful to have had her apart of our journey. She was truly so amazing and I will definitely be recommending her to other expecting families. 


Maria3/10/2023I'm a first time mom, and I got in contact with Alissa very late in my pregnancy. However, she was still able to accommodate me and set up several prenatal meetings to discuss mine and my husband's birth preferences and to let us know what  to expect during the labor process. She even attended several dr's appts of mine, so she and my OB were familiar with each other and to provide additional support during the appts. Overall, my husband and I could not have asked for a better doula before, during and after the delivery of my son. She goes above and beyond for her clients, and it's clear she really cares for them. Without hesitation, I would highly recommend her to anyone interested  in getting a doula for their birth! 