DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Anja Akhile

Los Angeles, CA  Service range 12 miles

https://www.anjaakhile.com/

Birth Fee

$4500 to $5000

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $60

Black Doula

CONTACT ANJA VIEW ANJA'S AVAILABILITY

Grace9/15/2022We worked with Anja for the birth of our daughter in 2019.  As first time parents, my husband and I felt that we could use the support of a Doula. Our interview process was lengthy and stressful but once we met Anja, we knew she was the one! She was extremely knowledgeable about not only the birthing process but managing expectations leading up to the birth as well as post partum. She made herself available to us via text, phone call and visits and was a calm and assuring presence as we prepared for our daughters arrival. I went into an in unexpectedly long and painful laboring period. Anja was there every step of the way to gently help ease the discomfort. walking through hallways, massaging between contractions and providing emotional support. I'm very grateful for the experience and I would wholeheartedly refer her to anyone considering a Doula. She is truly a gift professional. 


Hilary9/11/2022In 2000 words or less: How VITAL Anja was to my birthing experience... Couldn't have done it without her. Of course i could have,  but looking deep into the eyes of a woman that had birthed her own (then) two daughters at home, took away so much of my fear. Anja held space for me where I didn't feel fully supported by my partner. In birthing, she WAS my partner and that was vital. She was strong physically and energetically and held emotional space for me for hours, and when the time truly came, she supported my body as I birthed my baby. If i ever were to do it again I would fly her to where I now live. She also jammed along to my wacky playlist, made me laugh, and allowed my cursing through what i had hoped would be a quiet (if not silent) birth. She's the one. I knew the moment i met her. 


June9/11/2022Anja was such a wonderful doula. She is super knowledgeable And helped me feel confident going into labor. On the days leading to my EDD she was accessible, always ready to answer questions and be of help. She was that way in the labor room too, even advocated for me as needed in the hospital which is invaluable to say the least. I would choose here again for my next baby! 


Alicia Miller9/11/2022Anja guided me on both of my pregnancy journies and she was nothing short of amazing. She was so knowledgeable and answered all of my questions and was able to ease my concerns in a way that was both empathetic yet relatable. She was a true partner in the birthing experience and offered me guidance, while still allowing me to make my own decisions. She was an integral part of the birthing process for me and my family and I am so thankful for her!


Paige K. H. St. James9/11/2022From my first trimester until my birth and beyond Anja has provided me with careful attention, sound support, and gratifying information.  She made me feel safe and protected, which is such a wonderful feeling to know someone cares for you and is looking out for you, while you build up a life inside your own body that needs safety and protection. I loved how knowledgeable , informative, transparent, and detailed Anja was. I loved how she respected my space, my wishes, and my plan. I wouldn't have wanted anyone else by my side during pregnancy to help me through my journey and labor. As hard as it was, she made it feel easy, she made me feel comfort, and she helped give me peace of mind. I trusted Anja and I honestly needed her; as a woman and mother who's birthed her own children, she understood me in a way my own husband couldn't. She knew exactly which pressure points to go to for ease of pain. She knew exactly the words to say in my postpartum to help me appreciate my body and take it slow. She was professional, a  calm in my storm, and a human book of knowledge; she was needed and priceless. I am always glad to share with others my experience having a doula, because I want women to know that there are professionals who will attend to you and be in service to you as you carry out your pregnancy. I now love and understand the importance of the work of doulas. Anja changed my entire outlook on pregnancy, and made me realize the strength I didn't know I had within me to give birth. She was amazing and I recommend her every chance I get because of the weight she lifted from me. She has a God-given gift and passion for her work as a doula and it radiates in every step of the journey and process. I urge any and every pregnant woman to have a doula, and if you are given the opportunity to have Anja as your doula then please know you've made a special and amazing choice.