DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
12 TESTIMONIALS

Annaig Pilpre

Birth Simplicity Doula

Santa Monica, CA  Service range 35 miles  Travel fees might apply

310-735-3691

https://www.birthsimplicitydoula.com

Birth Fee

$2000 to $2600

Postpartum Rate

$55 to $65

Availability Remarks: Very flexible.

CONTACT ANNAIG VIEW ANNAIG'S AVAILABILITY

Parisa6/14/2023Anna was the perfect doula for us as first-time parents! She encouraged us to trust ourselves and our instincts—even though the entire process was new to us—which gave us the confidence we needed to navigate our birth and postpartum journeys smoothly.Anna is kind, caring, and generous with her time. She is an expert at "all things baby" and will make gentle suggestions in the decision-making process while ensuring that it's the right decision for you and your family. We can't recommend her highly enough. We love you, Anna... THANK YOU!


Elyse and Jason4/3/2023We were incredibly fortunate to have Anna to support us through our journey to becoming new parents! From the pre-natal visits through labor and delivery and postpartum, Anna took the time to really listen to our concerns and understand our style of interacting with each other and the medical team. Because of this attentiveness, Anna was able to provide the support we needed during labor, making sure we stayed energized and in positive spirits.Additionally, Anna helped us prepare for all the decisions we would need to make during the birth process by helping us with a birth plan and a list of things to bring to the hospital. This preparation allowed us to be more present during the birth instead of worrying about logistics and if we had everything we needed.In short, we are extremely grateful that Anna was part of our team and we hope to be able to work with her again.


Daniela Spencer3/1/2023Anna was everything we could have wanted in a doula and more. From the first time I met her (about 4 months into my pregnancy), she made it clear that she was a person we could rely on. She provided books and offered options/ resources to assist in any kind of birth I wanted.  She answered all of my questions and as my due date approached, there were a LOT of questions. Then, for my actual birth, she was AMAZING. She provided support for myself and my husband, getting things we didn't know we needed. She literally helped push my daughter out. And when my daughter ended up in the NICU and my husband went with her, she held my hand and made sure that I could heal and feel safe. My daughter, husband, and I are so happy she was part of my pregnancy and labor. 


Lynn Braswell12/6/2022The best part of our birthing day was meeting our beautiful daugher. The second best part was Annaig Pilpre.We danced. We laughed. We cried. Our birth was... FUN. It was also by far the hardest and most insanely intense thing I've ever done. It was BOTH and Annaig facilitated that duality with such presence, power, love, care, inuition and grace. Meet with Annaig. Just... Meet with her. She may be your doula, or she may not be, but meeting with her will be a blessing either way.The profound, beautiful and difficult work of laboring requires a TEAM. My husband was amazing and we both agree we do not know how we could have done this without Annaig.She is intentional. She is focused. She is energeticly present, connected, profound, brave and FUN. She listened to what we wanted, was available for questions throughout working with her leading up to our day and after. We feel we have found a true sister. Who you choose to share these moments with matters. Annaig is, hands down, the best support we could have dreamed of having.


Joanne and James10/26/2022We feel so lucky to have had Anna as our doula!Anna views birth as a holistic experience. During our prenatal meetings, she provided us with lots of materials and resources, provided great advice on how to prepare for birth, and gave my husband and I (first time parents) peace of mind. During the postpartum visit, she offered us much needed support and encouragement, even connected us with an amazing lactation consultant!When it was time for us to deliver our baby, Anna had another client who was in labor at the same hospital. (What are the chances!) Anna set us up with her back-up doula. When her other client delivered her baby after 48 hours of labor, Anna relieved the back-up doula and was able to be present for our delivery. She must have been so exhausted, and we would have understood if she went home to rest. But when Anna came in our delivery room, we couldn't even tell that she was operating on little to no sleep. She was present, encouraging, and energetic the entire time. And once the baby was born, she made sure that both my husband and I had enough to eat, were drinking enough fluids and were able to get some rest. Thank you, Anna. If we decide to have another baby, we would definitely reach out to Anna again!


Jessica McClintock5/20/2022Annaig was a fabulous support to us during the birth of our first child. She was ready to go on a moment's notice and met us at the hospital ready to guide us through the whole experience. On a night when the hospital was overwhelmed with lots of deliveries and a bit short staffed, Annaig was persistent in helping us track down nurses and doctors to make sure we had everything we needed. She was very knowledgeable, comforting, and professional throughout, answering our questions as well as helping us to ask the medical staff questions when we were unsure of anything. I also really appreciated that she kept an eye on my husband to make sure he got rest, hydrated and ate. We would definitely recommend her to anyone looking for a great doula!


Bijan2/16/2022After interviewing 10 doulas, we finally found our match in Annaig. For first-time parents, Annaig made the process seamless and went the extra mile to make sure we were comfortable with our birth plan. Prepartum, Annaig met with us several times as our due date was approaching. Although it's hard to predict what will happen in the delivery room, Annaig shared her experiences and helped manage our expectations.My wife's labor exceeded what was normal in the birth books. Contractions were painful and became unbearable, even with a TENS machine. From the first night of contractions through the afternoon, Annaig was in constant communication before we went to the hospital. She even offered to come over to our place several miles away to be with my wife during that tumultuous night. When we arrived at the hospital, Annaig was there even before us ready to help. Her prescence greatly eased the anxieties and pain during the height of the contractions. For 36 hours with only maybe an hour or two of rest, Annaig held my wife's hand and comforted her, often with a hip squeeze and/or counter pressure, for every single contraction. She spoonfed my wife broth, helped massage her to ease the swelling from the IV fluids, and allowed me much-needed rest before we met our baby. She also offered thoughful guidance when my wife had to make big decisions such as whether to get an epidural or pitocin to further the labor process. With little space in the delivery room, Annaig opted to sleep on the floor and even cared for my wife during her shower, leading to a small cut on her foot from broken glass. Labor and delivery has its battle scars and Annaig's dedication, leadership, and stamina was that of a general. Resolute and fearless, she rose to every occasion.To hesitate or even have a nanosecond pass when asked if we recommend her would be impossible. Only the most enthusiastic and emphatic YES will do! 


Austin Acsell12/20/2021Anna was a lifesaver. We definitely would not have been able to have a successful birth without her. My wife had back labor, and Anna was helping to massage for many hours straight. We had a long arduous labor and Anna was there for all of it. We are so grateful that she was there because it didn't seem like the birth would've been possible without her, literally. Thank you Anna and we will call you when we're having our next baby!


Mariola10/28/2021Annaig was there for my and my baby for a 4 days labour. Saying that she was amazing is an understatement. She went far beyond anything to be there and hold the space for me and my baby.The labour started on dec22 and ended on dec26. She was by my side the whole time, even during crhtistmas time. We will always be grateful for her help and kind presence.If you are looking for a compasionate, strong, professional and amazing kickass doula, that's Annaig!Big bisou form the 3 of us!


Tiphaine10/5/2021We were so lucky to have Anna as our Doula ! It was my first pregnancy, we were far away from any family member, and in the middle of the COVID-19 outbreak ... I was sooo stressed. And one day we have found Anna ... and everyday I bless this day.She is AMAZING. She is genuine, has an incredible positive attitude, she is open and listening. As soon as you will meet her you will understand: she has a natural gift of emotionnaly "connecting" with people.She helped us being both (yes: my husband and I) mentally and physically prepared for the whole giving-birth experience and she managed to relief me from any stress or anxiousness about it. She helped me becoming confident, listening to my fears and listening to my dreams, and preparing my birth plan accordingly. When my Labor started, I was calm and confident. I was applying her advices one by one, accepting each contraction with a positive mindset and "surfing" them one at a time, as she taught me to.My labor ended up being a 20H experience and I ended up successfully delivering the baby by vaginal delivery. During the birth she has been in contact with my husband providing him with real-time advices and supporting us even so she was not allowed in the hospital with us due to COVID hospital policy at that time. I have NO doubt that we have managed to avoid the feared emergency C-section thanks to Anna's preparation and real-time provided advices. I cannot express enough how blessed I was to have Anna as our doula. THANK YOU ANNA ! 


Luana Dessbesell9/30/2021Anna is amazing, she cares so much and brings you the confidence you need to prepare for the beautiful path of pregnancy to the moment your little one comes to the outside world. I think where she most helped me and my husband was in making us feel ready and not worried about the birth. Anna has such great energy and connects with people, she is for sure in the right profession and passionate about her work. Another thing I loved is that she did not overwhelm us with information, on the contrary, she gave us trustful and key sources of information. We are in Canada and she was in the US, but that did not make a difference the communication was great.Having a doula makes a difference and having Anna makes a huge difference! Thanks Anna for helping moms and dads! 


Morgane9/11/2021Annaig was a fantastic post-partum doula. She shared resources before the birth to help us prepare for the delivery and was available to help us anytime when our son was born. She was very kind, listening careful to our needs and questions without any judgement on our choices. She provided very useful practical advice and was a fantastic help for this challenging period of our lives. Annaig willingness to learn about pregnancy, delivery and newborn care combined with her very positive attitude made her a really unique and valuable doula! We would definitely have Annaig as a post partum doula again! 