DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
1 TESTIMONIAL

Ashley Pitcher

Kindred Roots

Redwood City, CA  Service range 25 miles  Currently serving SF Bay Peninsula from SSF to Cupertino. Travel distance is negotiable depending on location/traffic factors

https://www.kindredroots.co

Birth Fee

$1850 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$55

Availability Remarks: Currently scheduling for 2024 births. If you are looking for a few daytime postpartum sessions to help you adjust to your new baby and new life, I would be a great fit for you!

CONTACT ASHLEY VIEW ASHLEY'S AVAILABILITY

Victoria Lopez Zahurksy8/11/2023Ashely Pitcher was a true Godsend into our pregnancy, labor, and postpartum.Ashely prioritized us, our birth plan, and our values. She helped us get educated and face our birth fears as we mentally, emotionally, physically, and spiritually prepared for birth and postpartum as first time parents.We truly felt a personalized, loving nourishment during pregnancy and beyond. She would either check in on phones or come over. She cared about and equally valued my husband, because my husband's role in the birth was very important to me.In my labor, Ashley was ready to go at any moment. She set up our environment, protected and guarded my birth space and birth plan, and helped me push through the most painful and hardest hours of my life. One of the things I mentioned is that I wanted to have a romantic and intimate birth with my husband. I truly wanted my baby to be born into love. Ashley respected our space and gave gentle guidance on different positions or ideas.I asked for photos and videos to be taken throughout the experience and I watch and look at them every single day because it was legitimately the best day of my life.I still can't believe that I achieved an unmedicated hospital birth. I wasn't even attached to a saline lock and Ashley made sure that whatever I put in my Birth Plan was respected. Without Ashley, I don't think I could have done it. From the education and support from the start of my pregnancy to the guidance and love in postpartum. Ashley was an angel sent to us to help me gain the confidence in my body and deliver our baby girl the exact way that we dreamed of. She made what seemed impossible reality.