DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
9 TESTIMONIALS

Bethany Chavez, AA, CD, CPPS, LC

Bethany Birth Services

Fresno, CA  Service range 75 miles  Supporting families throughout the Central Valley

(559) 365-6659

https://bethanybirthservices.com

Birth Fee

$1200

Postpartum Rate

$25

Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

CONTACT BETHANY VIEW BETHANY'S AVAILABILITY

Celia7/6/2022We're so blessed to have had Bethany by our side during this life-changing journey. She walked with us, offering support through in-person visits, texts, and informative resources. She encouraged my husband to learn how to support me during labor. When the time came, my husband was primed and ready to support me! During birth, Bethany was great at "reading the room" - giving me space, reminding me to breathe with subtle cues, and speaking gentle words of encouragement. After giving birth, she pampered me with a  snack in bed. She made us feel loved and cared for! Can't say enough good things about her! 


Taunia1/4/2022Bethany was an amazing doula to work with.  She has many resources and information she provides to you, which was helpful in building my understanding before I embarked on the journey of giving birth.  During my labor and delivery, Bethany was very grounding and calm which was exactly the vibe I needed.  She knew how to guide me at moments that further enhanced the flow of the birthing process. 


Kymberly Williams11/10/2021Wow, where do I even start? Even though my labor was SO fast(seriously 3 hours) and Bethany missed the actual birth of my son she made a world of difference in the whole process. My partner and I have a 5 year old and I knew that I wanted to do this one so different. I wanted to feel connected to my body and every sensation during the process. I wanted to do this without epidural or c-section. I knew my body was meant for this but we as women are constantly told that we need intervention for something so natural. Bethany helped educate us and remind us of our power in the hospital. And we ROCKED THAT! She gave us that extra confidence we needed to get through and it honestly brought my partner and I closer together. We felt very liberated and I can’t thank Bethany enough! I love that her business feels more like family ties and community that I think every woman deserves during motherhood especially.


Loretta Shaver11/9/2021I could go on and on about Bethany, she’s a fantastic doula and help me so much with my second pregnancy. I hired her when I was around 8 weeks pregnant, I had a prior miscarriage and suffered abuse from my OB during the pregnancy and birth of my first child. I knew I needed a doula this time around to help ease that trauma along with supporting my husband and I. Bethany went out of her way to send me resources to help educate me about natural labor and delivery, risks and benefits of different options and etc. She helped create my voice to speak up to medical staff and tell them what I want. At the end she help show me and my husband breathing techniques and others to help get through labor. By the time I was in labor those techniques helped bring my baby down and I got to 9 cm before I got my epidural. I wasn’t able to call Bethany for my birth because it was so fast! My recovery was extremely fast and so easy as well since we worked on a good recovery also. Bethany was amazing, I highly recommend anyone seeking a doula to go to her.


Elizabeth Watkins8/5/2021Bethany is phenomenal! I believe she is the main reason I achieved my VBAC 7/2/21! From the very beginning Bethany provided great resources and information regarding birth. She truly helped me understand that pregnancy and labor are physiological process that require a women to be in her most relaxed and natural state during labor which prompted me to prepare mentally and physically.  Bethany is very knowledgeable and educated regarding pregnancy and labor. She answered any questions or concerns I had and always made me feel like I was capable of doing it! Bethany calm presence made it very easy to feel comfortable with her. During labor Bethany was amazing! I honestly don't know how I would have done it without her. She was prepared with all her labor items and was so motivating throughout the whole process. I'm definitely going to reach out to her again if I plan on having another baby!


Ashlee Lidyoff12/13/2020My husband and I couldn’t be happier we chose Bethany to be a part of our birth team. Pregnancy is stressful on it’s own, but being pregnant during COVID adds another layer of uncertainty. Bethany navigated virtual doula services flawlessly and was able to help us prepare for birth by providing us with ALL the evidence-based information- no judgement, no leading us to think a certain way- she was professional while also being personable and caring. What makes Bethany invaluable to us was her presence during labor. Her touch, her presence- she was everything I needed during the intensity of labor. I wish I was able to longer with her there (I had an unexpectedly fast labor)! She helped my husband soothe me and went through multiple pain management techniques until we were ready to go to the hospital. My husband and I both could not recommend Bethany more. 


Ayan Ismail6/1/2020First time i met Bethany was on December of 2019, it was my first time meeting a doula and I was excited and assured I made the right call by choosing her as my postpartum doula. On a short notice I asked bethany to be inside the surgery room with me as I was going through a C-section and was suprised and filled with peace of mind when she agreed, she was with me through the whole 3 hours of that special day from preping and helping me, advocating for my health and my choices to calming me down when I heard my baby boy's first cries. I could not imagine a birth experience without her and wish deeply that I had her by my side when my daughter was born. in the after days of me going back home amd adjusting to life with a new family member, Bethany came everyday on time to help me cope and adjust in a healthy way, she showed me the proper way to swaddle, burp and feed the baby without pressuring myseld. she helped me understand that it is okay to sit down and have a meal even folded laundry with me. in those few first days Bethany showed me that I can handle this transition. that I am doing well and what i loved the most was that she included my husband and young toddler in helping with the baby. it made a huge impact on my husband who always thought that it is better off to let mama handle it all. I cant say enough of the experience Bethany provided for me. my second birth experience is the most positive and uplifiting begining of a life that i ever had. I only wish more mothers can have the time I had with bethany. Thank you is an understatment. God bless you and the work you do.Ayan ismail


Nicole Lima9/22/2019My husband and I were looking for a Doula and once we met Bethany we knew right away we wanted her as our Doula. Not only is Bethany very warm and welcoming but she is very knowledgable and a great addtion to the birthing team. She taught my husband and I so much prior to my delivery which was very comforting and helpful. She was always there when needed and when that time came for me to go into labor she was there. She made me feel very comfortable and her support along with my husbands was greatly appreciated. She was at the hospital the entire time and did whatever i asked of her (foot rubs, getting me essenital oils, etc). I was never alone, having her there allowed my husband to go and eat and talk/update our family on the news. I highly recommend Bethany if you are in search of a Doula!!


fretzel calpito1/24/2019Bethany did an excellent job as my doula. She gave me comfort around the clock prior to my labor, with constant phone call updates. She even gave me a sensational massage the night before. ?? She did great keeping me calm with a positive mindset during my labour. Then I delivered a healthy baby girl. I had a great experience with Bethany and I would strongly recommend her as a birth doula. ??