DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
4 TESTIMONIALS

Betty Wright

Roseville Doula

Roseville, CA  Service range 50 miles

916-426-6611

https://www.rosevilledoula.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2400

Postpartum Rate

$45

Availability Remarks: I am fully vaccinated against Covid-19 and am available for in-person childbirth education, labor support, and postpartum support.

CONTACT BETTY VIEW BETTY'S AVAILABILITY

Lindsay8/6/2023I can't say enough good things about Betty as my doula. She was educational, helpful, a source of steady calm during the storm. She helped me work through my anxieties surrounding birth beforehand. She truly made the delivery of my baby such a special experience, I cannot thank her enough for her wisdom and steadfastness. If you are looking for a doula doula in the Sacramento she's your girl. 


Jess Mann10/17/2021In Fall of 2019, i found out i was pregnant with my second child. Betty was in California and i was in MA, but she offered to be my doula via phone and zoom calls as well as offering to fly out in early April when the baby was due.During those frightening early months of the pandemic and the end of my pregnancy, Betty was a stalwart presence in my life. She coached me through several nervewracking scenarios (an early labor scare and sudden weight loss in the third trimester) with her trademark humor and gravity.When it came time to deliver my baby, it wasn't anything like the peaceful birth i had planned. I was induced at 41 weeks in an empty hospital room with my husband, both of us masked. But Betty was there on my phone every step of the way. I texted with her frequently, giving her updates, and confiding my anxieties. She was always available to chat and support me.When the misoprostol kicked in my labor shocked me with both its intensity and speed. I ended up delivering my beautiful, healthy son in forty five exciting minutes.In the days following the birth the isolation of the pandemic was the most difficult thing to surmount, but I had Betty as my lifeline. She was on call any time i needed her day or night. She got me through the horribly lonely hormonal fluctuations, the crash course of being a mother to a newborn and a preschooler, and the navigation of those long days and nights of early motherhood that were both painfully familiar and wildly foreign.Betty is an incredibly knowledgeable support to have on your team during pregnancy, birth, and postpartum. She advocates for mothers with science and reason, then is happy to switch gears when you just need someone to fiercely be on your side.I cannot recommend her highly enough, whether you are an experienced mother or a brand new one. She's got you.


Melissa Matheson8/10/2021 I'm so glad I hired Betty to support me during labor! As a new mom I felt really overwhelmed by all of the information out there. I was so relieved to have someone available to answer my questions and help me sort through all the random advice. We met 3 times during my pregnancy and she was available to talk and text if there was anything that came up between appointments. She was always quick to respond and worked around my schedule.During my labor she was amazing! In early labor Betty was great at explaining what was happening and helping me deal with the discomfort. When we went to the hospital she helped me understand all of my options- which was so helpful when things didn't go exactly as I planned. When we got home I was so thankful for all the postpartum planning we did. Our follow up appointment was really helpful and she had great advice for breastfeeding. Plus the welcome home gift she brought was so thoughtful! I highly recommend Betty and I plan to hire her for my next baby! 


Maddie Miller8/6/2021I am SO incredibly lucky to have had Betty by my side throughout my pregnancy and labor/delivery. She is knowledgeable in all types of birth both medicated and unmedicated, vaginal and cesarean. She was just a phone call away whenever I had a concern or just needed a pep talk. When I had my first son in 2019 I had an emergency induction and was feeling terrified and so unprepared. Betty was the first person I called and was able to calm me down and put me in the right head space to have a safe and healthy delivery. She was also very supportive of my decision to have an unmedicated delivery but also made me feel comfortable with the idea that if I needed an epidural I would be okay as well. When I doubted my ability to continue without an epidural she was there to cheer me on. Betty was right by my side throughout my 15 hour labor and visited me after I was home from the hospital to help me around the house or just hold the baby while I rested. As a new mom she was everything I needed and more! I can’t thank her enough! If you have the ability to choose Betty as your doula you will be so very lucky. She is a wonderful person who truly cares about her clients. I would recommend her to absolutely anybody. Thank you Betty!