DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
5 TESTIMONIALS

Breana Espinoza

Mystic Mothering Birth Services

Garden Grove, CA  Service range 35 miles  Willing to negotiate further distances

https://mysticmotheringbirthservices.com/

Birth Fee

$2000 to $2500

Black Doula

CONTACT BREANA VIEW BREANA'S AVAILABILITY

D'Ana Joi1/11/2023From the moment I found out I was pregnant, I knew I wanted a doula on my birth team. Being a woman of color, having someone there to advocate for me during my birth experience was non negotiable. What I didn’t expect was his hands on Breana would be during the months leading up to my birth. She gave me and my partner a wealth of resources to explore from books, to podcasts, and even an in-person pregnancy support group which we both attended multiple times. Anytime I had a question, concern, or fear— I knew I could turn to Breana and she would offer me evidence based information as well as any nuances she could provide as a mother herself. One thing that was extremely special that Breana did for me was record her birth stories and share them with me. It was so special to hear her experience and being able to ask her questions about her own birth left me even more prepared when the day came. When I went into labor— I called Breana and she was there for us from the moment we felt we needed her support at the hospital. Her presence during my labor was invaluable and irreplaceable for both myself AND my partner. I will ALWAYS treasure the memories we created together in that hospital room. Moreover, after birth, Breana remained available to answer questions that are bound to arise as a first-time parent and she stayed invested in our experience and our son’s life as we navigated the first few weeks together. Breana is a walking embodiment of the gift that doula can bring to your life. I cannot recommend her highly enough and am so grateful to have her in our lives even as our contract comes to a close.


Raquel11/8/2022With Breana in my corner I felt more confident and secure in my pregnancy journey. Her knowledge and guidance set me up for a positive birth experience that I am beyond grateful for!Thank you Bre!Raquel & Sean


Melody Capela8/10/2022I don't want to imagine what my labor would have been like without Breana. She was always one step ahead of anything I needed or wanted. Throughout my pregnancy, if I had any questions or concerns I would turn to Breana right away rather than google anything and cause myself more unnecessary stress. She was a fountain of information and a great source for a first time mom like myself. Something very special about my experience with Breana in the months leading up to my daughters delivery was that she would send me birth affirmation cards regularly and it truly made me feel excited and confident about being a new mommy. Once it was time to welcome my daughter earthside, Breana supported me both physically and emotionally through 33 hours of labor. She was my voice when talking to the hospital staff so I could focus on getting through my contractions or try to rest in between them. She applied counter-pressure when the pain was too much to handle and she held literally held me up when I felt I couldn't even stand. I'm beyond grateful to have chosen Breana as my birth partner. I know exactly who I'm calling if there's a baby #2 in my future. 


Kori8/7/2022Breana came into our lives at just the right moment, when we needed her most. My daughter was 3 weeks old when we started working with Breana and I was a bit overwhelmed, tired and healing from an unplanned c-section and without being aware of it ~ very in need of the nurturing, confidence, loving care and emotional support that Breana so generously gave. If I could go back... I wish so much to have had her the whole way through my pregnancy and by my side in my delivery. Breana is the consumate professional- she is an excellent in communication, punctuality, scheduling and reliability. When I met her I instantly felt comfortable and safe and trusted her with my daughter - to this day she is the only person outside of family I have left her with. I learned so much from her about caring for a newborn (to this day I hear her voice coaching me through situations I face with my daughter), and about caring for myself through post-partem. I just cant say enough of what the time with her meant… I will always carry it with me.


Brenda Reynoso10/28/2021Breana was such a great help during my laboring experience. I was laboring for a while before Breana came to help us with pain management. She taught me and my partner about counter pressure and and various breathing techniques. She had so many informational brochures and resources that made my life so much easier. I don't know what I would have done if Breana wouldn't have helped me. Thank you so much Breana! 