DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Brianna-Aline Backhaus

HerWay

Bakersfield, CA  Service range 75 miles  Serving Bakersfield CA, and Tehachapi CA

(661)221-2142

https://www.instagram.com/babackhaus/?hl=en

Birth Fee

$2000 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Cielo Benítez3/9/2023Bri was always there for me during my labor. She would ask me if I needed anything and made sure I was okay. I really felt like she helped my labor be more easy. She educated me on any questions I would ask during my prenatal visits and after labor as well! 


Leah Lynn Simmons1/27/2023Brianna is an excellent doula, wise, experienced, and intuitive. My labor did not go as planned, and Brianna stayed by our sides and was supportive and helpful throughout the entire process. I highly recommend her, and will forever be thankful for having her be a part of such an important moment in our lives.


Anna1/5/2023Bri was present at my birth at the birthing center in Bakersfield. The whole time of my pregnancy to the labor and delivery she has always been super supportive, has a very calming aurora, and easy to talk to and warm up to. I did not feel ashamed or embarrassed at all in her presence. She helped me and reassured me the whole time, was very helpful to my husband, and was very tender and loving to my little boy! So blessed to have had her help during my first birth. Made it so fast and easy ?? 


Juliana11/26/2022I worked with Brianna during the birth of my third baby. She is kind, easy to talk to, and I really appreciated her calm presence through what ended up being medically complicated birth. When I met with her prenatally she was insightful and knowledgeable. 


Audrey E.11/26/2022Bri was such an amazing doula to work with and made our birthing experience peaceful! She is very knowledgeable about female anatomy and the birthing process and well as the baby's positioning inutero. Our previous babies pregnancies were in OBGYN care, and I can tell you the difference between that and having a doula is astronomical! Bri treats you with respect and affection and was constantly teaching us about the birthing process at each appointment. Whenever a pelvic exam was done, it was always done with my consent and Bri explained every step of the way. She treats you as a fellow human being and not "a patient". During my laboring time, Bri was quiet but I always felt her presence. any time she needed to check the baby's heart tones, she gently put her hand on me and let me know she was about to check. I also requested a pelvic exam for dilation during labor and Bri was patient and kind and waited until I was between contractions and was very gentle. When I started to give birth bri was right there gently guiding and instructing me when I needed to maneuver because of the baby's shoulder distocia. The way Bri treats you is like family, and I'm so glad to have had her present during my prenatal checks and at my sons birth. I can't recommend her enough!