DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
35 TESTIMONIALS

Brighid Quinn

Quinn Doula Services

Los Angeles, CA  Service range 20 miles

https://www.quinndoula.com/

Birth Fee

$2000 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $45

Availability Remarks: My DoulaMatch calendar is not always accurate. Please shoot me an email: quinndoula@gmail.com to see if I am available for your due date/postpartum period. Thank you so much!

CONTACT BRIGHID VIEW BRIGHID'S AVAILABILITY

Sherri8/6/2023We are so happy we chose Brighid as our doula! From our first chat, her warmth and professionalism put us at ease. During my pregnancy, she was a trusted resource when various questions and concerns popped up. She guided us toward finding a healthcare provider that would support the type of birth I wanted, which was ultimately at an amazing birth center. She gave me and my husband valuable information for each part of the prenatal/birth/postpartum periods, helping us feel more confident approaching this new time in our lives.During the actual labor and birth, Brighid was a rock star! She was such a knowledgeable, reassuring presence and support. I can’t overstate how helpful it was to have her with us when I was laboring at home and then at the birth center. We feel so lucky she was there!We’ve also benefited from her advice for the postpartum period, from my own recovery to care of baby. Highly, highly recommend!


Mukta6/13/2023I had a great experience with Brighid as my postpartum doula. Her services were tailored to my needs and it played a big role in my recovery. This is my second pregnancy and I can see the difference in recovery from having adequate care and support. Brighid offered bodywork, belly binding, breastfeeding support, postpartum healing treatments and more. She is a great resource for all parents and an excellent postpartum doula. I highly recommend her services. 


Courtney Stevenson5/16/2023Brighid Quinn was an angel of a doula. I hired her in 2019 for the birth of my first child and the moment I met her I connected with her. Brighid is genuine, sincere, kind while also very knowledgeable. She was easy to reach and always available to answer my questions, give advice or even just listen to my concerns. Unfortunately, I delivered in June of 2020 during the height of covid and she was not allowed at the hospital (Huntington Hospital in Pasadena); however, that did not stop her from being there for me virtually at any given time during my three day labor. She is a gem and I would recommend her to anyone wanting a doula!!! Hire her, you won't regret it EVER


Cat Commander5/15/2023I would highly recommend Brighid as a doula to anyone who knows they are going to need extra support through pregnancy, birth and post partum. I was able to start working with Brighid early in my pregnancy and as a first time mom from another country I really valued her help navigating all the appointments and procedures being offered or recommended. She helped me to feel in control and informed when going to the OB, facing tests and interpreting doc speak. When it came to birth, I just don't know what I would have done without her!!! I was in the hospital a long time and having a consistent person (one who understood the process) to talk to and ultimately be in the room at go time was invaluable. My birth experience was not how I wouldhave planned it, but with Brighid's support I can look back and say being informed and supported helped me to have a positive experience even though it was challenging physically and mentally. Brighid supported me in post partum, and had my screamy little baby snuggles in and sleeping so I could take a shower and leave the house by myself...bliss! I will be forever greatful to Brighid <3


Isabel Manzo1/16/2023Where do i start? Brighid has been such an amazing person to work with during this baby season. Me and husband couldn't have asked for a better teacher then her, not only did she make us feel welcomed but made evey session such a safe place for us. We learned so much but were also challenged in the best way with things we didn't know where so important in this season. I feel kore prepared today by all of our sessions and answered questions that have made this baby journey less stressful. If you are thinking about joining her please do she is the absolute best


Lindsay1/7/2023Brighid is the best! I don't know what I would have done without her. She was indispensable in so many ways. She made delicious soups, went grocery shopping, held my fresh little babe so I could take a shower, gave my cat lots of pets...the list goes on. She just intuitively knows what you need. She is also a wealth of knowledge. As a first time mom, I could have spent hours and hours googling things. Instead, I made note of my questions and just asked Brighid when she came the following day. She almost always had the answer and if she didn't, she has a community of experts she is connected to who do. She is kind, trustworthy, and has a bouyant energy that makes her delightful to be around. Would work with her again in a heartbeat.


Kristen1/2/2023Brighid was such a calming and supportive presence in our home after the birth of our son. She helped us catch up on sleep, showed us how to give our newborn a bath, helped with baby wearing, and gave me a ton of tips and direction on how best to heal after my c section. And *bonus* she made us delicious soup! I can't recommend her highly enough! 


Veronica12/3/2022If you're looking for a relateable doula who will respond to all your questions, help you calmy navigate confusing/stressful situations, and keep you grounded during labor, I highly recommend Brighid!This is a long overdue review. When we began our doula search for the birth of our first baby, we were looking for the following traits: communicative, professional, caring, all while supporting our birth preferences. Brighid checked off all the boxes and more. She answered all 1,000 of my questions in a way that validated how I was feeling. I'm an anxious person, especially when it comes to making decisions. Brighid helped me understand all of my options and make a choice that worked best for me and my family, never once pushing her own agenda.Working with Brighid felt like working with a great friend. Her energy and demeanor are very relaxed and she's very relatable. This was huge for me during the prenatal period when every choice I made felt monumental. She's not at all judgemental and I never had to feel selfconscious about anything I shared. She met with us regularly and was available via text if anything came up.


Carmen11/23/2022Brighid is an amazing doula and was a necessary part of our postpartum team. Her soups are delicious and she is smart, calm and encouraged us to trust our choices as new parents as we learn the baby game.I highly recommed hiring her if you have a baby on board.


Alexa F.11/5/2022Brighid was an amazingly informed, professional, and supportive presence throughout my pregnancy, birth and postpartum. She thoroughly answered all my questions at each step of the way, citing evidence and clarifying when she was sharing her opinion, but was not pushy! She supported us when we were planning a hospital birth and when I decided I wanted an out of hospital birth at 38 and a half weeks. She was integral to our securing an incredible birth center and team of midwives at the last minute. She utilized her network and connections to help us consider the available options and we could not be happier with our decision and outcome.And postpartum, Brighid's support was tailored to exactly what we needed. When we weren't sure what we needed (!!) she offered plenty of suggestions. It was lovely to have her emotional support at each step of the journey, but especially postpartum. Highly, highly recommended! 


Olivia Munoz5/11/2022As long as she can fit me into her schedule, I will be hiring Brighid as our postpartum doula for our next baby!  Brighid brings such professionalism and knowledge to her role, and most importantly, calm assuredness to the hazy first days of parenthood.Her mixed use of natural and traditional methods alongside an evidence based, logically grounded approach was exactly what we needed. Brighid helped teach us how to take care of our baby with all the knowledge of a childcare specialist, she spoke with me as a friend when I needed it, she became our dog's best friend, and she had our trust to take care of our sweet newborn while we slept. In short, there are not many people out there like Brighid, and I cannot recommend her enough! 


Melanie5/11/2022I can't recommend Brighid enough! She was incredibly helpful, informative and supportive during my pregnancy, birth and postpartum.  What was most helpful about working with her is that she took the time to get to know us and tailored everything to what would resonate most instead of a one-size-fits-all approach.As first time parents, we had no idea what to expect but Brighid was spot-on with all of her advice and information. I can't imagine what my birth experience would have been like without working with her!


Elyse Kane1/15/2022Hiring Brighid was the most important thing I did to prepare for my birth. I'm what I would call a "birth enthusiast", I spent so much time even before I was pregnant educating myself on the process of pregnancy and childbirth. I was very clear on what I wanted- a midwife, and a birth that was not at a hospital. I didn't have as much experience with doulas beforehand and thought that because I was choosing to birth with a midwife in a birth center, a doula wouldn't be necessary. This couldn't have been further from the truth, and I was quickly informed that a midwife's role is to take care of you and your baby medically, but for emotional support, a doula is the right fit. All of our prenatal visits with Brighid were like meeting with a friend, I felt supported in my birth choices, and knew that she understood my needs. Now, where Brighid became invaluable in support for us was once I was in labor. After 30+ hours of back labor at home and no sleep, our on-call midwife was suddenly unavailable when I needed her the most. We had been in touch with Brighid the whole night and she quickly took control of the situation as we started to panic. Over several phone calls with her, she gave her advice that we go to the hospital for some relief so I could sleep since the main concern was my exhaustion. We fully trusted her since we knew she understood our values and needs in our birth. She was a calm voice of reason that stepped into action. As soon as we got to the hospital we knew it was the right choice. Since I have very limited hospital experience, Brighid was a very welcomed presence to help me feel more at ease in the new surroundings. I was able to ask her opinion on the different interventions and discuss areas with her that were new to me since this wasn't what we had prepared for. Having her as our doula gave me such peace of mind becuase I knew I was being taken care of, which is the most you can ask for when you're giving birth. 


Krista & Matt1/10/2022When my partner Krista and I were expecting our first child, we knew we would be in need of general guidance and support from somebody experienced & knowledgable outside of our immediate circle of friends & family.Having a rudimentary understanding, at best, of a postpartum doula's role with a newborn and new parents, we came up with a short-list of things we hoped to find in such a person - naturally nurturing, non-judgemental, an ability to find fun and humor in potentially stressful moments, averse to unsolicted advice - and Brighid checks all of these boxes and more. From our first introductory phone call, Krista and I immediately felt comfortable and confident in Brighid's abilities and passion for her work. This was a huge weight off of our shoulders as we prepared for childbirth, knowing that our expanding little family would have a competent and caring guide as soon as we were ready. In the roughly four weeks that Brighid worked with us, we were continuously impressed by her insight, her natural abilities, her warmth and her flexibility. We are very grateful for our time with Brighid and the memories we were able to create in those first few weeks with our newborn baby, as a result of her presence. 


Anna & Chase12/10/2021From the moment we first spoke, Brighid’s compassionate, non-judgmental, and well-informed approach eased my pregnancy and labor anxieties. She helped my partner and I focus on what we needed most in our pregnancy and delivery. It is no exaggeration to say her advocacy for my health, coupled with her gentle encouragements, transformed my pregnancy.I experienced intense anxiety and depression during pregnancy and was very unhappy with my OBGYN. Brighid referred me to an OBGYN who took my mental health seriously. Brighid also connected me to other resources for my mental health during pregnancy and postpartum. While I was laboring, Brighid was a crucial source of support for both me and my partner. Her presence was reassuring and calming, and her laboring tips and techniques were incredibly helpful.Brighid made space for me to feel empowered throughout my pregnancy, delivery, and postpartum period, and ultimately helped me and my partner make decisions that were best for our family.Every moment spent with Brighid truly felt like a gift!


Nicole & Ryan11/19/2021Brighid was an invaluable source of support and knowledge throughout our pregnancy, birth and postpartum journeys. She shared insight, encouragement and information with us, connected us to resources and helped us make decisions in stressful moments. My time with Brighid postpartum helped me grow as a parent as she taught me a ton, was there to talk through any questions with and she boosted my confidence in my first weeks as a mom. We cannot thank her enough for the calming, positive and individualized care and support she gave us. 


Andi10/21/2021Brighid was great! She is knowledgable, dependable, a calming presence during labor, and always knew the right thing to say. She not only supported me, but also my partner during this momentous time in our lives. 


Ashley10/19/2021Brighid was amazing! She was exactly what we were looking for once we decided we wanted a doula. I found Brighid to be incredibly knowledgeable on all things pregnancy related. I was first time mom when I found Brighid, so I had a million question throughout my pregnancy and Brighid was always very responsive and thoughtful with her responses. She provided me with the support I needed to allow me to feel confident both before, during and after delivering my baby. Brighid is constantly learning anything and everything she can about pregnacy, as well as labor and delivery. I would highly recommend hiring Brighid if you are seeking a doula who is both holisitc, but also very much invested in keeping up to speed with the most current research that ensures you and your partner have a safe and happy birthing experience. 


Denise Baran8/9/2021Brighid really helped and supported us, especially during the last weeks of pregnancy when our birth preferences changed and I had to deliver early. Her knowledge and advice during labor helped not only calm us down but also move along faster with dilation. Her support also calmed my husband and I down so much, I don't know what we would have done without her. Brighid always checked in with me during my whole pregnancy and got back to me immediately if I had any questions. She sent me so many useful tips, links and videos to help with our journey. We can wholeheartely recommend Brighid as a Doula and when we get pregnant with our second child we will definetely hire her again ! 


Monica Turner6/25/2021This review is loooooong overdue. Our son was born on 06/22/2020. I enlisted the services of Brighid in December 2019. She is down to earth, knowledgeable and respectful of your choices around your birth and desired experience. Then covid came along in March 2020 and changed everything. We couldn't meet in person anymore and when it time for me to deliver the hospitals were not allowing doulas inside. Brighid was great and was available for us every step of the way.  She talked to my husband pretty much throughout my labor process which ended up lasting 3 day. She had great referrals for birthing classes and a lactation consultant when we needed them. She also helped with some post partum doula stuff and to this day is still available if I have questions or need referrals. She loves her job and it shows and is really sweet. I highly recommend a doula if you're pregnant and I highly recommend Brighid! It takes a village and is definitely part of our village. 


Cyla Fisk6/17/2021Brighid was my postpartum doula following the birth of my first child. I HIGHLY recommend her to anyone seeking help before, during or after their birth. She was so attuned to my and my daughter's needs. I really appreciated her knowledge on postpartum and infant care, her warm presence, emotional support, and practical help around the house. She also provided me with great referrals when there was anything out of her scope. You will be very thankful you hired her, I sure am! 


Jaqueline5/10/2021I cannot recommend Brighid highly enough! From beginning to end, my experience with Brighid was everything I hoped for and more. Brighid went above and beyond for me, my husband and my baby. In preparation, she helped me to feel confident, informed and empowered. She answered all of my questions, taught us techniques to cope with pain, how to advocate for ourselves at the hospital, and introduced me to other practitioners (chiropractor, lactation expert, etc.) who are incredible.When the big day arrived she provided the kind of care and support that both my husband and I really needed for birth, and I ended up having the birth experience I always dreamed of. If you are thinking of hiring a doula, Brighid is your woman. 


Denise Peyre4/5/2021Brighid only worked with our family for a month because she was SUPER booked, but I wish I could have had her services for longer. As a second time Mom I needed someone task-oriented who would always maximize her time with me and Brighid was perfect for our family's needs. She was able to read the household well and was open to pretty much anything I needed done. She helped with laundry, dishes, meal prep, holding baby while I showered and stretched and helped with my older sons bath and bedtime. She also was the perfect amount of emotional support when needed and snuck in a few baby Whisperer moments when my newborn had moments of her own. I went with a different doula after she left our household and I keep thinking I want Brighid back- I totally recommend her!


Nicole Vidaurreta1/28/2021Being pregnant with our first child during the pandemic brought with it enough uncertainty (what would hospital procedures be like, what kind of classes would be available, what kind of support would be allowed.  We decided to invest in a doula to hell is navigate the new and uncertain landscape... and we are so so happy to have found Brighid!   She was the perfect resource for nonjudgmental advice and support we needed to make this experience amazing!   She listened to us and adjusted her advice according to our preferences without judgment and while offering several resources if information to help us make the informed decisions that were best for us.   On the day of delivery, she was like that coach on the sideline that runs by your side for the last miles of the marathon to help you finish... we are so so grateful that she was a part of our journey and would highly recommend her to anyone that is looking to make their journey easier (so that you can enjoy the important things).  


Marisa12/29/2020Brighid joined our path to birthing at the perfect time -- we truly felt it was serendipity that brought us together.  I wanted to give birth in a birthing center with a midwife, but due to medical reasons, it was not in the cards.  Because of this, I wanted my hospital/OB experience to have as many of the elements that drew me to midwives as possible.  One way to accomplish this was to work with a doula who completely understood our unique situation and could tailor our partnership as such, and Brighid did that, 100%.  She listened so carefully, took the time to really understand me, my husband and our baby, and connect on what was truly important to us.  All the additional reading materials, podcasts and emails were so helpful.  And of course, she was a total star and pro when we needed her most, in the hospital for our daughter's birth.  Brighid brings a burst of energy and enthusiam, but she's also very confident in her knowledge and abilities, which is a perfect combination.  Professional yet flexible, light-hearted yet serious. We cant recommend Brighid highly enough -- we couldn't have asked for a better doula to be with us during such a special time.


Hailee H12/22/2020Wonderful Postpartum DoulaI'm a first time mom and while I felt as prepared as I possibly could, I still left the hospital in complete shock.  I was in charge of a tiny, brand new baby!  I felt so relieved that we had Brighid scheduled and ready to start right away.My experience with Brighid was easy and helpful from the first day until the last.  Every day that she was scheduled I felt comfort in knowing I could have time to bond with my baby without having to stress about other things like cooking and laundry.  Brighid was on top of everything!She was helpful and supportive with my breastfeeding journey and encouraged me to stick with it (which I'm very happy I did).Also, she is super 'pet friendly' and our dog, Ophelia misses her every day.  She was great in helping Ophelia become used to having a baby around - she would have been lost with out her. For all of the reasons and so many more I highly recommend her!     


Ali12/22/2020My husband and I had the most wonderful experience working with Brighid! After interviewing a few different Doulas, we decided to work with Brighid for many reasons. She had a great energy about her that felt calming yet exciting, she listened to what we wanted for the birth and she already had great insight regarding the questions that we asked. Right from the start, we were so pleased that we went with her. She is a great communicator, was always quick to respond to emails and messages, and provided us with a lot of information in the weeks leading up to the birth. What I loved most about working with Brighid was how much I felt heard with my desires for labor and delivery. I never once felt judged when I shared my fears and always felt 100% supported in my requests. When the time came to have my daughter and the plan went completely different than what I wanted, she was there not only for me, but for my husband as well. After having an emergency C section and not being able to be with my daughter initially, Brighid was there both for her and my husband, helping them through the first hour together. I'm pretty sure he wouldn't have had a clue what to do if it weren't for her! She truly has become part of our family and I can't recommend her services enough. As a first time mom, I felt more confident and knowledagble going into the experience of having my daughter because of Brighid. 


Gina Pecho9/29/2020We hired Brighid right before the pandemic shut everything down. When in person meet-ups became impossible and everything changed over to virtual, we were worried hiring a doula was the wrong move, but it turned out to be better than we had expected. Not only was Brighid availble via text and email, but she truly helped me out in one of the hardest times of my life. Being pregnant with a toddler in a pandemic was extremely difficult and she offered more support and encouragment than I could have imagined. She also ended up voluteering to help us with our toddler when it was time to give birth ( since our family couldnt fly in and be with us due to Covid ) and that for us, meant the world.Brighid is extremely knowledgeable and passionate about what she does - and it shines through in every aspect of what she offers each client. Brighid has helped me in my postpartum journey as well and I'm grateful for her guidence. I love where this journey has taken us, and love knowing that we are not only past clients of hers but friends as well. 


Francesca Campbell8/17/2020Our family really enjoyed working with Brighid to prepare for the birth of our son and during the very stressful postpartum period. She was SO helpful in answering all of our many questions that came up on a range on topics related to newborn care, feeding, and postpartum healing. She helped us with ways to prepare for his arrival and great resources and referrals. We felt at ease having her expert opinion after hearing much conflicting advise from other sources. She helped us feel more prepared, more relaxed, and better equipped to to handle anything that came our way. We highly recommend having Bridghid as a doula and hope to work with her again whenever we have our next child! 


Christina Ceisel6/19/2020I was unsure about hiring a doula, because I knew I was delivering in a hospital and not opposed to an epidural, but several friends and prenatal caregivers suggested I look into it. "The doula is there to take care of you" was what I was told. I am SO GLAD that I did, and that I found Brighid. This was my first delivery, and I was in no way prepared for the onslaught of choices and decisions that need to be made in the final months, and during the delivery itself.Brighid helped my husband and I think through our preferences and understand our options when it came to developing a birth plan. During our initial meetings she gave us excellent information and context that we did not get in the birthing classes we attended. When she did not know something (we had a question about the placenta, and a few others), she asked her colleagues and did the research. At all points in developing the birth plan we felt very supported by Brighid.I went in for a scheduled induction, which lead to a 3 day delivery. Brighid was indispensible during that time. She helped us reason through the many decisions that needed to be made, understand and weigh our options. She kept the mood light, and helped my husband and I find ways to support each other in the process; while also advocating for me with the medical team. During contractions, she was right there providing mental and physical comfort and support.Out of all the things I did to prepare for my new child, working with Brighid was by far the most invaluable.


Ashley Drummy2/11/2020At first I wasn't sure (and neither was my husband) that I wanted to hire a doula. As I got closer to my due date, I began thinking about it more and more. I was attempting a VBAC and hoping to go with no epidural. I looked into a few doulas and started interviewing...I was 36 weeks! I met with Brighid and she was so warm, friendly, knowledgeable, and was able to make me feel so comfortable. She had a lot of great information to share, had worked at the hospital I was going to be delivering at, and understood my desire to want to go unmedicated. She was very supportive, non judgemental, and had a lot of good research backed information. She has a nice balance of a doula who is an advocate for her client and what they want, but also, being sure that we're safe and listening to recommendations from the care providers. When I went into labor, she was at the hospital just before we arrived and was ready to go. She stayed with me and helped me through contractions. It was great to have her suggest different positions that would feel better, provide counterpressure, get wet washcloths and ice chips. She did so much to support me! I am very grateful that we decided to move forward with getting a doula, speficially Brighid! My husband and I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a supportive, knowledgeable, warm, non judgemental, and friendly support person for your labor and delivery!


Laura1/3/2020Brighid was my postpartum doula after the birth of our daughter, Zoe. I hired Brighid  because she seemed highly knowledgeable, down-to-earth, caring, and nurturing. Boy, was I correct in this assessment and I'm so glad that she was with us for the first few weeks post-partum. Brighid was extremely well-attuned to my needs and to those of our newborn, Zoe, and our household. She was an unobtrusive but warm presence who helped us learn the basics of newborn care and who assisted me in my recovery from a c-section. She has great energy, is extremely professional and I highly recommend her!


Beth G.11/30/2019I'm so happy I used Brighid as my birth doula! I knew I wanted a doula, so I'd have someone who'd had training and was in my corner to support me during labor and delivery. She is attentive, warm, kind, calming, and incredibly knowledgable!  Brighid taught my husband and I some very useful comfort measures, and she was responsive and communicative as soon as we decided to hire her!  Our prenatal visits gave us a good chance to get to know each other and talk about my pregnancy and what to expect in labor, delivery, and postpartum.   I especially appreciated her professionalism, sincerity, and her work when my labor did not go according to plan, as I needed an induction.  Brighid was a clear-headed souding board, and helped to ease my anxiety.  She was encouraging and helped us anticipate what to expect, and she was amazingly helpful during the delivery!  Our postpartum visit was a comfortable space to process the ups and downs of the birth.  I wholeheartedly recommend Brighid!


Michaela Sanchez10/20/2019Where do I start?!? When I found Brighid I was a nervous new mom of 2 month old twins. I wish I would have reached out for Brighid earlier but honestly I didn't realize doulas help after birth?! Brighid has been such a huge help to our family but especially me. She is constantly offering resources and is always so respectful of my parenting style. Having Brighid in your home is like having your sister over. You don't feel the need to entertain her, how it often feels when you have people over. She also makes you feel like everything you're going through will be okay. She has no problem holding your hand through it all. Brighid is great with babies and has so much great advise to offer! If you have the chance to hire Brighid, do it! You won't be disappointed!! 


Maria8/12/2019Brighid impressed me right off the bat with her professional but very friendly demeanor and high level of preparedness. She takes her position seriously in the best possible way. Throughout the entire process, she was organized, thoughtful, fun, and extremely knowledgeable. Thankfully I had a great birth experience overall, in no small part thanks to Brighid’s support. With her help, we boosted my confidence that things would turn out alright and instilled in me a positivity that I really needed. She communicates very well too. I appreciated her help enormously and will miss her!