DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
43 TESTIMONIALS

Camille Fiori BS, CD(DONA), HCHI, HCHD, AdvNCS(NCSA), CLEC

Nourish: Birth + Postpartum

Beverly Hills, CA  Service range 40 miles  $35/visit travel fee outside 20-mile radius from Beverly Hills

833-487-2229

http://www.nourishbirthpostpartum.com

Birth Fee

$1600 to $3250

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $75

Availability Remarks: Cert. Adv. Newborn Care Specialist (NCSA), Cert. Hypnobabies Birth Doula cd(DONA), Hypnobabies Instructor (HCHI), IBCLC Candidate (UCSD), Ayurvedic Postpartum Doula, Ayurvedic Chef & Nutrition Coach

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Rachel & Pete Evenson7/26/2023We cannot say enough positive things about our experience with Camille Fiori and Nourish: Birth + Postpartum. As first-time parents, we were filled with anticipation but also some apprehension about the birthing process. From the moment we met Camille, she put us at ease with her warm and caring nature, making us feel comfortable and supported throughout the entire journey. Before the birth,she introduced us to the concept of hypno birthing, and it was a game-changer for us. Her expertise in this area was evident as she patiently guided us through various techniques, helping us gain confidence in our ability to manage the birthing process. Thanks to her, we felt more in control and less anxious about the whole experience. Communication was always a priority for Camille; she was always just a phone call or message away, willing to address any concerns or questions we had leading up to the birth. This level of accessibility and responsiveness helped alleviate many of our anxieties. When the big day finally arrived, Camille was a true pillar of strength. She was by our side, providing encouragement, reassurance, and practical guidance every step of the way. Her calming presence was invaluable, and she created an environment of positivity and serenity in the delivery room. Her support didn't end with the birth of our daughter. As our postpartum doula, she continued to be an incredible resource for us during those early weeks of parenthood. From breastfeeding support to sleep strategies, she provided us with a wealth of knowledge and effective techniques to help us navigate this new chapter in our lives. Beyond her professional expertise, what truly sets Camille apart is her genuine care and compassion for her clients. She went above and beyond to make sure we felt heard, understood, and empowered as new parents. Her non-judgmental approach and positive attitude created a safe space where we could openly share our experiences and seek guidance without hesitation.


Annie5/9/2023Camille supported our family postpartum with our first child. Looking back, it's not an exaggeration to say I don't know how I would have survived without her. As a first time parent, there is so much you don't know you don't know -- from swaddling techniques, to breastfeeding and pumping, to recovery... it can all be very overwhelming especially in the fog of those early days. Camille was the expert who helped us navigate through that fog -- she saved my breastfeeding journey on more than one occasion, jumped in on anything and everything I needed help with, and helped me feel confident in taking care of my new baby. Camille is proactive, calming, kind, and extremely knowledgable (without ever pushing an agenda). She is punctual and professional and responsive. Her genuine care and compassion for new mothers is obvious. We are so grateful to Camille for all she did for our family, and for me personally as I transitioned into motherhood!


Ethan11/30/2022When we were preparing our birth plan my wife and I wanted to have extra support at the hospital to help us advocate for our needs and best understand how we could have a healthy, safe birth the way we wanted.  Camille came highly recommended from friends and she was the perfect Doula for us.  We met with her in person before and after our birth and she stayed with us as we navigated some challenging moments in labor that could have led us to an emergency c-section (had it not been for her guidance and support) but ultimately resulted in a healthy, vaginal birth.  She also encouraged us to use Hypnobabies for our birthing and it was extremely supportive in progressing labor and pain management after a long period of little change.  If it hadn't been for Camille we would very likely have had a very different, much more traumatic experience.  With her we were able to feel empowered to move through labor and delivery with our plan intact and our baby healthy and happy.  She was also very helpful with lactation, general mama and baby health care and lots of great resources for pregnancy and postpartum.  10 out of 10 would recommend!


Nicole11/16/2022Camille supported our family post partum. As first time parents I knew I would support from an expert. Her post partum support was instrumental in getting me through the newborn phase with confidence and ease. I didn't know what to expect and Camille was the perfect support for our family. She's calming, extremely informative, evidence based, helpful, and proactive. She supported me so much when I was struggling with breastfeeding and general post partum anxiety. She always made me feel at ease and I loved being able to ask an expert for help when I needed it. I looked forward to every visit and she truly educated me on everything I know. Looking back on the past 7 weeks it's amazing how far I've come and how confident I am which was all contributed by working with her. She helped us with feeding, cleaning, cooking, laundry, sleeping, tummy time, how to calm a fussy baby, how to address gas/conscription and how to use all the baby gadgets and tools. She also helped support my physical recovery with sitz baths, healing foods, guided meditation, and recommendations/referrals for special care I needed. Highly recommend her to any family looking for post partum support!


Mei N10/25/2022The first thing that struck me about Camille during the interview session is that she was very knowledgeable, friendly and warm. Right off the bat she came across as someone I could rely on. We had a near incident that she might not had made it to our birth as another client went into labor when my contractions started. I was having prodromal labor and she checked in on me whenever she could, after having not slept overnight with her other client she texted me late in the night if I was ok. I was not, I was at home labouring and was very exhausted having not been able to sleep or eat for 2 days by that time. I was at a loss and her message came in just in time. She offered to come over despite being exhausted (I could see it when I saw her even though she tried not to show it) but the minute she came, I felt revived by her presence and calmness, she offered different solutions to ease the waves and we finally found some positions that made it easier for me to keep going. She encouraged me to eat for energy and giving my partner a break from supporting me. All essential steps (without us realising it at the time) as we were still 24 hours away from meeting our baby. She had the clarity of mind on what we had to do, suggested when we should head to the hospital, helped advocate for us in a respectful way with the nurses and was by my side holding my hand whenever I needed it. Although the birth didn't go per my birth plan, she fully respected every step we took and would help give clarification on things I wanted to talk through before making decisions on. I will always be in gratitude that she put us first before taking a needed rest and stayed with us until we were comfortable. She could have easily had a backup doula take her place and didn't do so. I would also add that her Healthie app platform of information is so helpful for a first time mom like myself and that she was very respectful of our COVID concerns and wishes throughout the process.  


Margo Moritz9/17/2022My partner and I interviewed several doulas while I was pregnant. There were a few that I connected with for different reason but Camille left an impression above and beyond anyone else. It was immediately clear that she had the most experience, education, training, and heartfelt care for her profession as a doula than anyone else. The fact that she would also be my Hypnobabies instructor in addition to her depth of knowledge around Ayurvedic health and resources on her website, it was easy to choose her. During birth, Camille proved to be more valuable than I ever could have expected. She became a part of my birth story as if she were family. I didn't know how much I would value her emotional support and birth knowledge until we were actually in the experience and I'm so grateful we brought her on our team. I would highly recommend having her join your birth experience! She is extremely passionate, caring, and professional.  


Cathleen8/25/202210/10 Highly Recommend I’m a first-time mom who knew nothing about newborn care and Camille was my postpartum doula. Without her, I don’t think my husband and I would’ve gotten through those first 2 weeks with our newborn daughter. She was there for me in one of the most vulnerable times of my life, and is truly passionate about helping mothers and their newborns. She taught us how newborn care is completely different from infant care and showed us how to navigate that. Because of her expertise, we learned how to effectively soothe our baby and practice safe sleep measures to prevent SIDS. She also taught me how to increase my milk supply and supported me in my ever-changing feeding journey without judgment. To help me heal, she prepared sitz baths, massaged my swollen feet, and cooked me such delicious and nourishing meals (her oatmeal was the best I’ve ever tasted!). I still refer to all of the resources she provides you with about postpartum recovery and newborn care best practices. Thank you so much Camille, I will never forget your care and kindness.


Korin B.6/30/2022I hadn't hired a Doula before and I wasn't sure exactly what they would be able to provide. Birthgiving is confusing enough and adding a new person into my team was daunting. But it was so great to meet Camille and her experience and calmness put me at ease. She was so great at meeting the needs I knew I had and also at suggesting areas she could support that I hadn't even thought of. She has a very professional plan for how to organize my birth plan and developing the birth plan together helped us both get to the same page long before any birthing excitement began.My birth story was a wild one. Max ended up arriving very very quickly at home, almost before anyone could arrive - the EMTs arrived in 12 minutes and Max was already crowning her way out. I took most advantage of the support before birth which was lovely and then after during recovery at the hospital.If I was recommending Camille to my best friend I would say: Do it. Hire someone, you need a doula more than you even know. If you are able to please meet and interview Camille, this is a super personal decision and you need to connect with your doula but please take the time to have a conversation with her because I think you will love her.  


Adrienne S.4/15/2022I had such a great experience taking Hypnobabies from Camille Fiori. I was apprehensive about childbirth, and I wanted to feel more ‘in control’ during the experience – I was hoping not to use an epidural, but I had no idea what class to take. My OB recommended Hypnobabies, and I found Camille Fiori through a contact at the Hypnobabies website.The night of the first class my husband and I had very busy days at work, and we were a bit stressed before the class began – but after we did our first “blue exercise” and started taking deep breaths and relaxing, the day melted away and it felt so good to be in class. My husband and I really looked forward to Camille’s classes every week. My husband especially was very nervous about me giving birth (he hates hospitals), but the classes calmed him down and made him feel prepared for the big day. And he was my hero by my side!Camille kept saying that students who study hypnobabies have shorter births – I wanted to believe her but had no expectations. I went into labor at home at 11pm – I knew just what to do and kept listening to my hypnobabies tracks during the night, changing positions like she had told us to do, and just breathing deeply. We arrived at the hospital at 5am and my son was born at 11am!All the doctors and nurses were very impressed with how calm I seemed. And while I will admit I did not feel as calm on the inside, listening to hypnobabies throughout my birthing time was a wonderful way to focus during my birth. And best yet, I did have the natural birth I wanted!I cannot say enough for the class! While hypnobabies is a really big commitment, and I found it was important to consult with my OB on some of the more natural recommendations that hypnobabies suggests, it’s well worth it. You learn a ton, put birth into a positive light and don’t feel nervous about your birthing time!


Christine Velasquez3/29/2022Camille was an amazing support to have following our son's premature birth. Working with her sincerely helped me and my husband feel much more confident and secure in our ability to care for our son which was absolutely priceless given how little he was; I still can't believe they let us go home with a 4.5 lbs baby!I was initially hesitant about having a doula come to my home. I worried I wouldn't feel comfortable and that having a stranger in my house would only stress me, but if anything, it was a relief! Camille was easy to talk to, extremely knowledgeable, and authentically courteous as she offered to help me with things I didn’t even think to ask!


LUCINDA “MONROE” KING3/23/2022Hiring Camille was the best decision we made as a family in preparing for postpartum. She is knowledgeable about so many things: ayervedic cooking, infant care specialist, lactation expert, belly binding, to name a few. She's like a postpartum fairy that brought a light hearted and upbeat rhythm to our home in the first few weeks. I signed up for the new mama food bundle and belly binding, yoni steaming and abayanga oil massage. What some may consider a luxury, I found to be a necessity as a new mother and all the other things on my registry, still sit in the nursery closet. Postpartum care is the most important thing you can do for yourself as a new mother and Camille is the best. Period. 


Carly3/11/2022My husband and I could not be happier having worked with Camille for virtual birth prep as well as the postpartum doula package! As a first time expecting mom, I was feeling a bit anxious about all the unknowns of birth and felt like I wanted to prepare ahead of time by learning all about the interventions that may come up while in the hospital. Camille was so warm and comforting from the moment I met her. She has such a calming presence that puts you at ease during a time that can feel uneasy and anxiety-provoking. She really made me feel comfortable and confident going into my birth experience by providing my husband and I with the resources we needed ahead of time. She also helped us write a birth plan that aligned with our goals and what we wanted to get out of the experience.For postpartum, hiring Camille was one of the best decisions we made! The fourth trimester can be a challenging time and having support is so important. I always looked forward to the days that Camille would come over for a few hours. She has SO much knowledge -- everything from how to properly swaddle, the right sleeping environment for babies, how to take of yourself as the birthing mother, etc. I think a lot of the success with how well our daughter sleeps now and the routine we have is because of Camille and all her tips and knowledge. In addition to helping with all the questions I had about my daugher, Camille also makes sure you, as the birthing mother, are supported. She would make me sitz baths and bring me tea, which felt so nice during a period where you don't have much time to think about yourself. She is also so respectful and polite.If you are thinking of working with Camille either before birth or after, do not hesitate! She will make your experience memorable and will be such a support during a challenging time. I'm so happy to have had the chance to meet her, and I can't wait to tell my daughter about her one day when she is old enough!


Brittani Clark2/1/2022A lot came up during my pregnancy and Camille was a wonderful wealth of knowledge regarding different supplements and preparation for being in the hospital and postpartum. She was also very helpful with pointing me to different resources for different therapies. She was very supportive and kind every step of the way. She was always uplifting, encouraging and hopeful through each of my challenges and complications. She even remained in contact after my last postpartum visit with her to check in with me regarding some of my postpartum medical issues. I highly recommend Camille as she is both professional and very personable. 


Melissa T1/26/2022When looking for a birth doula I knew what I was looking for in a doula in terms of experience but I knew it was going to be more about the connection I personally felt with this person. Being the only other person in the delivery room with me and my wife I knew we both had to feel comfortable. I had interviewed a few other doulas and they were all sweet but didn't feel right for our family. Camille and I had a face to face via her HIPAA approved Healthie app to get to know each other and from the moment we spoke until the call was finished I knew she was the one. From the beginning she was a book of knowledge. This was my third pregnancy but first pregnancy I was attempting a Hypnobabies birth. She guided us step by step through the process of Hypnobabies and encouraged me along the way. Due to Covid and our daughter being born in May 2020 Camille was not able to be in the hospital room with us but was there virtually and coached my wife through helping me. I know it wasn't what I expected or wanted but having her help was great. Early on when I was looking at her packages I saw she has experience in lactation consulting and Ayurvedic cooking so I decided to hire her as my postpartum doula as well. She is an amazing cook and I truly felt nourished throughout my postpartum. My older daughter loved having her around and still asks if she's coming to visit to this day. I definitely recommend her, especially for postpartum!


Ally12/14/2021I loved working with Camille for my pregnancy and birth! I don’t think there’s anyone more qualified in Los Angeles that knows more about pregnancy, birth, postpartum, and infant care than Camille. I was pregnant with my first baby and planning a water birth because I have hospital anxiety. Once Camille entered the picture I felt much more confident and prepared for my baby’s birthday and knew I was in good hands! Camille arrived when I was laboring at home and could tell when it was time to head to the birth center. I ended up having the water birth I wanted! She was by my side the entire time at Pure Births and patiently read hypnobabies scripts for hours because I didn’t want to listen to the tapes. Overall my birth was great and I felt so supported. If there’s ever a baby #2 I can’t imagine not having Camille with me. She’s a true professional, a super kind person, and instantly makes you feel safe and calm. Her food is delicious too! I ordered her muffins and starter bundle to eat after the baby was born and it was wonderful to know I was fueling my body with what was best for my own healing and for breastfeeding. Not having to think about food at all those first few days with a newborn was amazing. Thank you Camille for all you do! <3


Isadora12/11/2021I don't even know where to start! Hiring Camille was the best decision I've made for my postpartum. When I first got pregnant, I thought I could manage it all between my husband and I. We are first time parents and live far from our families, but I kept thinking, how hard could this be?Well, turns out it's REALLY hard and I'm so glad I could count on Camille for everything from: how to give baby a shoer or soothe them or burp or wear them them to make sure I process my birth and take care of myself as well.Camille is empathetic and nurturing but also extremely knowledgeable and professional at the same time. My only regret has been not hiring her for longer. Having her around just made me feel empowered and much less overwhelming.And by the way, her meals are also amazing! I got the lactation muffins and have to order again because those are DELICIOUS.


Tamara de Kauwe11/6/2021Hiring Camille was the best decision we made for our 2nd baby.I had my first baby 20 months earlier in Australia where I had my family as my support team. I was very hopeful for a natural birth in a birthing center but after 37hrs it resulted in an emergency caesarean.Expecting our second baby in LA, with no family, having a doula was must have. I needed someone that could advocate for me and be the voice to make sure that another caesarean was not an option unless medically required.Camille became much more than expected!She was an encyclopedia of knowledge through the entire pregnancy and so quick to respond.On my Labor Day she was my rock, my guide and encourager (alongside my rockstar fiancé)She knew how to be there and cater to my individual needs. When to step in, when to step back. She was there by my side for over 30hrs.I successfully got my VBAC after 55hrs in labor and if it wasn’t for Camille and the midwives, it would’ve ended up in another caesarean.The postpartum support was like having the dream Mom, that had gone through this and could nurture and advise you through the process. I realized during my healing that women don’t really talk about what goes down and I would’ve been a deer in headlights if I wasn’t able to talk through it with Camille.I also recommend her nutrition bundles and pelvic steaming. These helped me bounce back much faster.I hope women realize how important this kind of support is and nurturing yourself throughout the entire process.Thank you Camille! You gave me the best experience I could’ve hoped for. 


Samantha Hanna10/20/2021I will always be grateful to Camille. I cannot overstate the role she played in my postpartum recovery & would recommend her without hesitation! It’s difficult to do her justice with a few words, but I’ll tell you that her support totally empowered my husband & I as new parents. It also set me on a path to prioritizing my own self-care as a new mama, and that alone has helped me in ways I can't even measure. We’re Australian and due to Covid-related travel restrictions, couldn’t have any family visit when our baby boy arrived. My main motivation in hiring a postpartum doula was to have some extra help with baby in the early days - but we received SO much more than that. Camille really nurtured me through my transition to motherhood. She is a professional in every way, but her support is holistic & comes from a place of such genuine care. She’s got an impressive resume & was a goldmine of information when it came to newborn & postpartum care, but never ever pushed an opinion or agenda on us. My husband and I personally gained so much by drawing from her expertise. She saved our sleep setup, provided amazing lactation support & helped me with my nursing goals (so valuable after our baby was bottle-fed in the nicu), helped us to understand our baby’s behavior and cues, and to add to all that practical help, Camille was a big support to me emotionally. Whether it was caring for baby so that I could take a shower; doing baby laundry; making sure I was comfortable while nursing; or even just making me a cup of tea & holding space for me to talk about how I was feeling... she did a beautiful job of supporting us intuitively. There are so many areas I know my husband and I navigated easily because of Camille's doula support. I will always be thankful, because I know for sure our family would have had a totally different postpartum experience if not for her!


Alexandra Woods10/10/2021Before hiring a doula my biggest concern was feeling as prepared as possible for the workload of this next chapter in my life.I was referred to by Camille by my Labor Doula and am so grateful for that. I felt confident going into PP knowing that Camille was in my corner- especially with the various areas she had expertise.My favorite aspects of support were having someone I could trust- who's knowledgeable & could send me in the correct direction- whether that be for Pediatric Dentists, Physical Therapists, etc. Camille has a strong list for recommended support in whatever area you may need.I also can’t say enough about the Ayurveda background Camille has that allows her to prepare meals that make you feel whole again. This is so important as your body heals from the most beautiful life-changing journey it just embarked on.Lastly, I have to comment on her true professionalism and the beautiful energy she brings into your home. I can’t put into words how kind & attentive she is- she genuinely wants you to succeed and is extremely professional & respectful.When hiring a doula it was important to me to have someone that specialized in lactation/NCS.I was so happy to find someone that had all of these as a part of their repertoire and assumed that by hiring Camille it would be a “one stop shop” for all things postpartum- but while she’s definitely able to lead you the right way; you may have to outsource (We had to look to outsource/hire an IBCLC/NCS/meal service, etc.)I share that just to give full transparency that she’s there to do doula based work only and anything else is either outsource recommendations or an add-on fee and these various services really do add up.Some things Camille offers (and I highly recommend) at an additional cost are: meals (she is a phenomenal chef- this is a must add on if feasible), belly-binding etc.


Colette10/9/2021I absolutely loved having Camille as my Doula!She was a great addition to my birthing team and did a great job of keeping me calm not just during my pregnancy but also during my birthing time. Her knowledge of everything pregnancy related is incredible. Her resource list is impressive, and her calming nature really made me feel like I was well supported. Not only is she a great doula but she’s also hypnobabies knowledgeable and a lactation consultant. She’s very good at what she does. If you’re on the fence, I would say, go for it. You won’t regret hiring her. Your only regret would be to pass up this opportunity.


Xerces Lewis10/7/2021I cannot begin to express how amazing my experience with Camille was. When I was looking for a doula, my intention was to connect to someone I felt spiritually aligned with as this experience was my first. I wanted to feel safe, supported, loved, and well taken care of emotionally and mentally and Camille did just that and more. She made sure that I had all that I needed, educated me on how to honor my body and what I wanted by making sure I set clear boundaries for my body and my baby. I am truly grateful for her and this experience What I enjoyed the most working with Camille was that with any concern or question I had, that created some sort of fear, she eased that effortlessly for me. I cannot recommend her enough.  If you desire to feel safe and supported fully during your post partum journey, Camille is the one to hire. 


EandJ6/5/2021We are so glad we found Camille. Talking to her immediately transitioned my emotions about the birthing process from worrisome/slightly fearful/just wanting to get through it to celebratory! After our second, in-person meeting with her before the birth, we were just psyched for the big day! Camille is so knowledgeable about every aspect of the process, and provided us with so much information and resources to explore on our own as well. As scientists, we felt we could communicate with her well on all of these issues and appreciated the extensive list of references she'd compiled. I felt so prepared, both emotionally and intellectually (i.e. in terms of making all of the small decisions one must make). She was a wonderful presence in the delivery room -- calming, supportive, positive, all of the things you want in a doula. I definitely felt so much more safe and secure and "ready" for delivery with her there. She was so intuitive about what was needed during the day, and was able to step in and give us the nudges we needed (for example, helping to ask the doctor again for anti-nausea medication when it had been too long without it), without at all being the least bit overbearing, and just with keeping things low-key and peaceful. Really, she made it so that all me and my partner had to do was focus on the process I was going through. She was also incredibly accessible during the weeks before and after the birth. I particularly appreciated her very organized, professional approach to her work -- it was easy to chat with her and view documents via the Healthie app, for example. 


Victoria Fisk5/2/2021Camille was very helpful and knowledgeable. I went for a natural birth and very happy that I had her by my side to guide me through the process. Definitely highly recommend!


Rebecca W5/2/2021We asked for Camille's help as a postpartum doula and now I recommend her to everyone I know with a newborn. Camille's wealth of knowledge and gentle nature makes her a perfect doula. One thing we really loved about her is that she presented options and was proactive about helping without being intrusive instead of waiting to be asked to help. She knows exactly what families with newborns need because she has a lot of experience. Not only did she help more than we expected anyone could, but she was also really lovely to talk to. I highly recommend using a postpartum doula and I can't think of a better person than Camille. 


Joanne Barela8/25/2020I am so grateful to have met Camille at a prenatal yoga teacher training program when I was in my first trimester. Camille is compassionate, caring, empathetic, and patient. All the qualities you would want in a someone who is supporting you during the most critical transition in your life - becoming a parent for the first time! I wasn't sure if I needed a doula at first but as I got closer toward the end of my pregnancy, my husband and I decided that it would be helpful to hire a birth doula to help us navigate labor and delivery. We interviewed 3 doulas but ultimately I knew in my heart that Camille would be a perfect fit for us. We hired Camille to be our birth doula but she became much more than that. She has a wealth of experience and knowledge in labor and delivery, postpartum, lactation, newborn care, and ayurveda among many others. She spent significant time with us in person and virtually, educating us and helping us prepare for one of the biggest milestones of our lives. She gave us a ton of resources, including evidence based research articles and videos that allowed us to be well equipped to make key decisions about what type of birth experience we wanted. She never swayed us one way or the other but educated us on all available options. Unfortunately due to COVID, things didn't go as planned and we couldn't have Camille at the hospital with us during labor and delivery. However, she gave us support virtually during our long, traumatic birth experience and most notably after birth as I navigated breastfeeding issues and caring for a newborn without any support. My son is 5 months now and she is still my go-to person to ask questions. I highly recommend her!


McKenzie Sutton8/24/2020Camille is a God-send! I interviewed 10+ doulas and she is easily the most educated and resourceful.She also happens to be the best chef you can imagine. She took care of me, my baby and my husband and we couldn't be more appreciative. If you can afford it, try her "nourish bundle". The fruit swirls, shiitake mushroom soup, Waldorf salad, quiches, smoothies- the list goes on. Every single thing she made felt like it was made with the best ingredients and with so much love. Hire her!!


Angela Mallory-MCree8/9/2020I hired Camille to be my postpartum doula, and it was the best thing I could do to continue my amazing birth experience.My goal was to have 40 days to rest, recover, and bond with my baby. Camille gave me exactly that! A main concern was food, and Camille cooked everyday she came to my house. Not only were the meals healthy, they were also comforting and delicious. I eat a plant based diet, and that didn’t deter her at all. She always made enough for me to share and to have plenty during the days we weren’t together.She was great with my newborn. She was able to calm her when I couldn’t, and she swaddles like the pro she is. She made sure I had time to shower, gave me massages, and bound my belly. She gave me tons of wisdom that really were game changers, and still she never felt like a know it all. She was always encouraging, and careful not to over step. I always felt like the mama, the queen of the castle, perfectly capable, and simultaneously totally safe, and never judged when Camille was around! She even helped me navigate awkward moments with some of my family members!! Camille is qualified, & has all the certifications I could think of. She’s very organized, and sweet as pie. I will always love her for how she contributed to my intensely special time. I highly recommend her, and hope we get to work together one more time.


Ashley Kvamme7/27/2020I hired Camille on the knowledge that she was not only highly recommended but her bedside manner in making me feel heard and seen even if I felt my questions might have been insignificant. As we were dealing with a pandemic she helped me keep my focus on my child and not on the fears of the world outside. She offered a calming voice with excellent sound advice.My biggest concern when hiring a doula was my own sleep and the interaction between my oldest son and the newborn. Camille was able to help me get the most sleep and teach me how to use the right tools to help my newborn sleep – he was sleeping wonderfully by month 2. I felt very ready to handle both the newborn and my other child together alone which was a big worry.The bonus to Camille’s support and calming presence was also her incredible knowledge on healing with aryuvedic herbs and foods. Her meals were not only comforting but so delicious that I ordered more to get me through that first month.She was aware of my needs and made me feel safe and my children LOVED her. She could sooth my youngest so easily and my older child looked forward to having her when she came over. She was the best support system at a very critical and needy time for myself. I couldn’t rave enough about how she made me feel safe and strong and competent. I would recommend her to anyone who needed a post-partum doula and newborn care specialist. 


Jodie4/26/2020My husband and I absolutely LOVED working with Camille - and couldn't recommend her more highly to anyone looking for a doula. If she's available - book her now! I researched and interviewed many candidates, and from the start, Camille stood out as being the smartest, most evidence-based, and kindest doula for us.Camille was our birth and postpartum doula - and coached us through pregnancy, birth, and the fourth trimester. Initially, I was a little skeptical about needing a doula. But Camille's expertise and guidance were invaluable - we're so glad we chose her, and we would hire her again in a heartbeat. My favorite aspect of Camille's support was the wealth of knowledge she shared on all topics related to pregnancy, birth, and newborn care. Relevant information was provided through online programs, reading material, shopping lists, virtual calls, online chats, and in-person sessions. My objective was to have a positive, natural, drug-free birth - and Camille provided me with the tools and encouragement to set me up for success. My husband and I are over the moon with our birth story, and because of it, our baby was born into the world relaxed, alert, healthy, and happy.Additional bonuses that separate Camille from other doulas are:- Her ayurvedic food packages, which help accelerate the postpartum recovery. - Her use of the healthie app, which makes correspondence and access to information easy.- She can support all stages of pregnancy, birth, and the fourth trimester (which is quite rare).Once again, I highly recommend Camille if you're looking for a doula. Not only is she experienced, qualified, and professional - she's also a lovely person and a pleasure to work with!!! 


Joan11/27/2019Hi,I really got to write this review down for Camille. As a first time mum, you know you get all overly anxious and all you want is to make sure that you get the best care for your newborn. You try to read up everything you can online, do your research, read prenatal books but nothing Beats the actual experience. So, I was trying to find a prenatal class to attend by professional Doula cum newborn specialist. And I found Camille.The moment I met her, she put me at ease with her friendly smile. The class was conducted in an organized manner and she make sure to cover all aspects.I will like to share this one example: you know you have researched about all the different kinds of swaddles that's available but you never actually really know which is good. Well, it is only through the class that Camille brought along all the different types of swaddle and through first-hand experience that we finally know which to get. And she also gives her professional recommendations on the different baby gears and essential to get. Which really is great ! Save you the headache. of course; this is just one small part of the class: they are many more stuffs that is too long to write here.The class is interactive and the hours just flew pass in no time. My husband and myself enjoyed it very much and we are so glad we chose her. She also helped to address our concerns on travelling with baby and even provided follow up reading materials to help us out.I can't say enough of Camille. She truly is a wonder and I totally recommend her to everyone who is looking for a professional doula and newborn specialist. 


Kristina M10/27/2019Camille was the best decision I made during my pregnancy. I hired her as a birth doula and postpartum doula. I was amazed by Camille's credentials and reviews. She was the only doula that got back to me quickly. Some of my concerns prior to hiring a doula were whether they would be judgmental and understanding how they would support me. Camille is knowledgeable, informed, kind, and understanding and flexible with your needs, fears, and viewpoints. She isn’t biased or judgmental, and she has the biggest heart. She connected me to so many resources and information that continue to be valuable to me. She responds quickly and is very attentive. My son is over 2 months old and she still responds quickly to all of my questions.As a birth doula, Camille helped me advocate for myself during my appointments and delivery. She helped me write my birth plan and I am proud to say with her help, it was followed. She also creates a birth timeline and takes birth photos with your permission. Camille has become a trusted supporter who is still in our lives and our son’s life today. She made my delivery a magical and wonderful experience, and alleviated so many of my fears. She also made sure my husband felt included and supported. I highly recommend her to anyone who needs support, knowledge, and an advocate through the process of giving birth.As a postpartum doula, she offered services such as helping you care for your baby, staying overnight to help you get rest, and cooking incredibly delicious meals and snacks that are healthy for you, the baby, lactation, digestive system, and even your partner. Lastly, Camille has a myriad of referrals and contacts that are available to you as her client. This is Camille’s passion and she executes her role with purpose. If you have the opportunity to hire her, you will feel like it was the best decision you ever made and it will make you feel more confident as a parent. 


Kate8/2/2019Having your first child in any circumstance can be daunting and cause extreme anxiety and stress when encountering the natural and inevitable issues that come when having a new baby.Having our first child in a different country and away from direct family (Mothers and Sisters) added another layer of concern to my wife and I. Thankfully we were so fortunate to have come across Lyndsey as our postnatal doula.Lyndsey is the type of person and care giver you can and would dream of if you could pick exactly what you wanted in a doula to help your wife and take assist with your new buddle of joy. She is slight, gentle, and so very soft in physical presence but gargantuan in knowledge and skill set of the pre and postnatal field.Camille’s genuine passion and commitment for the wellbeing of mother and child is rivaled only by calming nature and effectiveness in her applied practice.Specifically, Camille was exceptional at lactation coaching support and planning, pet acclimation, bulk food preparation (recovery and lactation support), sleep and feeding schedules, confirming normal indicators, response time to communications.Camille went over and above our expectations. We always felt comfortable and she was never once over baring or made us feel deficient when communicating instructions and information. It is obvious this is more than a business for Camille, she has a genuine love and care for mothers and babies and is a gentle loving soul.We highly recommend Camille for any portion of the Doula services she offers.


Hayley English7/31/2019Camille made our life so much easier and enjoyable after having our baby girl. Her expertise in lactation was greatly appreciated as she guided my baby and me through the different stages breastfeeding. She also traveled with us a a couple of places outside LA when we needed some "fresh air." On a daily basis, Camille was always attentive to our baby. She also balanced this with doing baby's laundry and dishes; she kept a very clean house. Camille cooked some delicious meals to increase lactation, would gladly grocery shop and often provided suggestions regarding my recovery. Whenever we had a check-up for baby, Camille would help us pack and get us out the door. She would even ensure we had an emergency kit with us when we took her for walks around the neighborhood. She's very detail-oriented. Camille is great at reading a baby's signs for hunger, gas, sleepiness etc. She gave us the opportunity to truly bond with our daughter during those first couple of months, which can be some of the most stressful and exhausting times in a parent's journey. We look back on our experience with Camille fondly and know that wherever she works in the future, she will show up with a smile on her face and a great attitude. 


Jenna James7/30/2019Choosing a doula for your birth or postpartum is not easy and should be something you take your time to decide. However, I knew Camille was the right fit for us as soon as I discovered how passionate she is about both babies and moms being well versed on the most current scientific studies to ensure the short and long term health of them both. Her dedication to her work is coupled with a level of professionalism that we did not find in other doulas. Because of this Camille quickly became a trusted confidant to me and my husband leading up to, during, and even after the birth of our daughter. As first time parents we were looking for someone to support us through birth. What makes Camille particularly well suited for this role is the time she takes to get to know you, your partner, and your preferences. She knows your birth plan, your hopes and your fears which allows her to offer advice that is personal to you. Our ultimate goal was to do as much as possible to protect the microbiome of our baby and encourage breast feeding. As with every birth unexpected challenges arose and Camille was there to help us meet them. I was induced as result of a high slow leak and my contractions were very strong as result of the pitocin leading me to ultimately choose an epidural. Knowing that was not what I wanted Camille helped out both me and my husband at ease reassuring us along the way that our ultimate goal was still in sights. As result of our vigorous preparation coupled with her encouragement we were able to get our baby out in just 35 minutes. A feat for a first time mom who was told her baby was going to be “too big”! The crowing moment for us was being able to complete the breast crawl with Camille filming the hole thing! Our girl latched on in that golden hour and has been a healthy eater ever since. It was honestly hard to say goodbye to Lindsay! We might just have to have a second kid so we can hire her again!


Laura Schaefer6/23/2019As soon as I got pregnant I knew I wanted a doula to help guide me through my baby’s birth; but until we met Camille, I had no idea how valuable a doula could be through the whole process of pregnancy and even postpartum. We met with Camille at our house twice before delivering, and each time she arrived prepared with materials for us to review relevant to the stage of pregnancy I was in at the moment or decisions I would need to make about the birth, and answers to all the questions I had at the time. Her warmth, compassion, and enthusiasm shone through at each visit. Unlike other doula applicants I had considered, she was willing to devote as much time to each visit to discuss my choices as I needed, and never once acted as though she was “on the clock”—even though we kept her answering questions for hours each time! She made us feel like her only clients in the world. In addition to the home visits, Camille was always available to answer questions over email or over the phone, and her responses to emails were lengthy, though-out, well-researched and, most of all, incredibly supportive. I had insulin-dependent gestational diabetes in my third trimester, and not only did she send me great additional resources to review and consider as I prepared for my son’s birth in a hospital setting, but she also sent dietary recommendations, food recipes, and other at-home tips for making the last several weeks of the pregnancy with this complication easier. Overall, hiring Camille to serve as our birth doula was the best decision we could have made to help us through the monumental process of pregnancy and childbirth. She will always be an outsize figure in my family’s life because of the incredible role she played in bringing about the birth of my son. I could not recommend her more highly to other families seeking support at this crucial time.  


Melissa6/21/2019Camille was an incredible help. My husband and I decided to hire a doula because I wanted to have an unmedicated labor and we knew we would need someone to help us navigate the labor and delivery process since this was our first child. My husband is a very busy business owner and would not have time to learn about the ins and outs of labor and practice pain management techniques, so I wanted to have an experienced and knowledgable doula to help take the pressure off my husband and I (literally!)From our first meeting via Skype I knew Camille would be the perfect fit for us. She sold me with her calm, caring demeanor and her wealth of knowledge. After hiring her, she sent us so many resources to educate ourselves and help guide our decisions for our birth plan. The information she provided was above and beyond anything we learned in our childbirth class at the hospital. We honestly could have skipped the hospital class and relied only on what Camille provided.During labor she was essential to helping my husband and I stay calm and manage pain. She continually suggested techniques and positions to try. She took the time to develop a relationship with the nurses and helped me advocate for myself. As a trained Hypno Doula she also supported techniques I learned studying Hypnobabies. I treasure being able to look back at the timeline she created of my labor since I wasn’t very aware of the passing of time and order of events while everything was actually happening. Most of all I’m grateful to Camille for being by my side during the entire 24+ hours I was laboring in the hospital. The hospital staff were impressed by how calm I was the entire time and I truly owe so much of that to Camille’s support! I’m looking forward to having her support when we have another child in a couple years. 


Barbara Demman3/28/2019Camille is very nurturing, warm, kind, and truly passionate about babies and supporting parents during this transition time. I interviewed a few post partum doulas and chose Camille cause I felt a connection with her on our Facetime interview. Camille was flexible, easy to contact, and understanding as our little one ended up being in the NICU for sometime.  She also was very organized which was so appreciated since we ourselves seemed to be in some kind of time warp post partum.I greatly appreciate how attentive and respectful Camille is.  I never felt pressured by her to do anything and more so Camille would present all data and options and we would make an informed decision together.  She was very clear that her role was to be supportive to us and our decisions. We hired Camille in both the post partum doula role and nursing care specialist role.  It was very evident how much love and care she had for our little one.  It was so comforting to know this as she helped provide us with much-needed breaks.I would hire Camille again if we were to have a second kiddo.  I feel our time post partum was enhanced, elevated, and easier because of her.We miss you Camille! 


Anna Yeager Bresnitz12/27/2018We are so lucky to have been connected with Camille through a friend. She has so many talents and skills but we especially found her helpful in guiding us to better sleeping for our infant daughter early on (and us parents too - ha!) She provided us with a reasonable plan and approach we were comfotable with as parents and how best to implement it. In no time at all, our daughter was sleeping great! We are grateful for her help! Can't recommend Camille enough. She radiates positivity, warmth and confidence when as a parent you might be feeling a bit beat down - so appreciated when you're in the midst of getting used to this whole parent thing! We consider Camille a part of our family now, and forever!


Blair Cobb12/17/2018From the moment I met Camille, I knew that she was someone I could trust and feel comfortable with. She saw me in my most vulnerable moments as a new mother and was there to guide and support me every step of the way. She was instrumental in helping me learn how to breastfeed as well as heal myself by sitz baths and having her do reflexology on my feet. To top it off, she is an incredible cook and made incredible food for my family, all lactation friendly, so I never went hungry. As a new breastfeeding mom, this is key!I cannot speak highly enough of Camille!


Chris Sacks12/12/2018I'm so glad my wife and I decided to enlist Camille's help as our postpartum doula. Camille was a positive and reassuring presence during those first weeks when everything was so new and we were getting the hang of parenthood. She was knowledgeable and provided great advice on caring for and feeding baby, prepared healthy and delicious meals and snacks, got groceries, helped with cleaning around the apartment, was great with our daughter and our dog, and most importantly, made us feel comfortable and at ease through it all. We highly recommend Camille for your doula needs!


Amy O'Leary7/18/2018Camille was amazing and truly an extraordinary partner for the natural birth of our second son here in Santa Monica. Here's what really made Camille stand apart, as an excellent choice we'd recommend to anyone:She's extraordinarily knowledgable and experienced and a reliable resource and voice to help me make the best choices for myself.She knows how to politely and purposefully navigate working with hospital staff so that you stay in control and know your options at every step.She has a wonderful toolkit of resources that helped me prepare thoughtfully. I was particularly helped by one handout that recommended to "stay on your feet!" during labor, which made all the difference.She is one of the best listeners I've ever met, period. Camille heard and noted all of my preferences and my history (and only needed to hear things once) to remember what was important to me.— She fully respected our choices and wishes throughout the process, made no judgments about what we wanted or didn't want, but simply supported us.— She cares deeply and is clearly honored to be part of such an important moment. Camille is fully invested in her work and it shows! She's found her passion!For my first birth, I was induced and had a number of interventions, including an Epidural, and my recovery took about a month. For the birth with Camille, we had a completely natural birth (in a hospital, attended by midwives). I labored at home for awhile and then our baby was born about 2 hours after we arrived at the hospital without any interventions or pain medication. Camille helped us stay calm and focused, and helped us know when it was time to leave for the hospital — the timing was perfect. She was amazing with the hospital staff and my partner, and was a lovely presence to have with us during this time. We couldn't recommend her enough! 


Katharine Williams Arroyo6/8/2018We hired Camille for two nights to help with our seven week old when we were in the midst of some feeding issues. She was a calming presence from the time she walked in, and helped boost our confidence that we were doing the right things. It is a very intimate experience having someone in your home to help with your baby overnight, but Camille was very comfortable to be around and we plan to have her back in the future. 


Heather Lipner6/6/2018Camille is incredibly kind, caring, warm and just an exceedingly wonderful human being. She had a major influence over our baby’s personality and overall well-being. Prior to Camille, our baby was not sleeping well at night nor during the day and the fussiness was so stressful. Camille was patience and very professional about what needed to change in order to get our baby on the right path. I adopted every piece of advice and within a couple of weeks our baby began to sleep so much better and stopped being fussy. She was so kind to me - and as a new mom I felt cared for as well. Today at 6 months my baby sleeps 12 hours straight at night, takes 1 long 1.5 hr nap and two 2 hour naps. She is always welcome in my home and we miss her dearly. Trust me - follow every piece of Camille’s advice.