DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Camila Rhodes

Bird’s Nest Baby and Nurturing Arts

Oak Park, CA  Service range 20 miles  Able to travel abroad under the appropriate circumstances.

8183709301

https://www.birdsnestbabyandnurturingarts.com/

Birth Fee

$2575 to $3250

Postpartum Rate

$55 to $80

Availability Remarks: Congratulations! I would be delighted to discuss your needs and wishes for support. I also offer massage, cooking & lactation support. 5 Star reviews on Google.

CONTACT CAMILA VIEW CAMILA'S AVAILABILITY

Kristian Herrmann6/24/2023The review I want to share about Cami doesn’t deal with the entirety of the 10+ weeks she was with us helping us with our second child, our baby boy Parker, who joined us in March, but instead just one critical week of her time with us. When Parker was just 5 weeks old our entire household came down with symptomatic COVID - I was in and out of the hospital with our 2 year old daughter multiple times. In the midst of that time we thought Parker had avoided being infected (negative test) and Cami offered to watch him at a hotel to get him out of our house with my in-laws, which she ultimately did for three days until he and Cami both tested positive for COVID. Once she was positive Cami continued to work with us, only taking off 3 days to tend to her own illness and was invaluably helpful to our family in our greatest time of need as I was in and out of the hospital with our daughter. I will never forget Cami for what she did for our family - as they say, crisis reveals character.


Megan Lysaght6/24/2023Kristin’s review below resonated with me entirely! 100% accurate. My wife and I are first-time parents and Cami helped guide us with cheerleading, extra support (sleep! baby laundry! meals!), and new tools needed to be successful in our first month of baby’s arrival — and beyond. Cami’s connection with our baby was instant and reassuring so we could rest peacefully each night. Bonus: she was also an angel with our first baby, our 65lb rescue hound.


Meghan Fancler6/24/2023Cami saved us! She is an angel and will forever be part of our family. She was with us from basically the time I brought our premature twin boys home through when they were 5 months old. She even helped me when I was in a bind and needed daytime childcare as we prepared to move. Cami was nurturing and gentle and helped me and my husband as much as she helped our boys. She provided guidance in a comforting and loving way and gave me the confidence I needed to become a mother to two babies at once. I can’t say enough good things about Cami and would recommend her to anyone. And her food is just delicious! She would be a blessing to your life and your home.


Kara Robarts6/24/2023Caring for a newborn is one of those things that you really can't fully imagine or understand until you're in the thick of it. 3 weeks after bringing our baby boy home from the hospital we were BURNT OUT. I had never even given a thought to hiring a postpartum doula because I knew the cost would be prohibitive and honestly I thought they were really just for people who wanted someone else to do the hard part of newborn parenting for them....boy was I wrong! One very exhausted day I reached out to a friend who I knew worked with a doula and I was connected with Cami. My husband and I spoke to her on the phone and instantly felt comfortable and knew that she was the right person to help us through this challenging time. Cami gives off true fairy godmother vibes with her calming energy, kind heart, and caring nature. Not only did she allow us to sleep better but she is a wealth of knowledge and always available to answer questions. She gave us the confidence to feel like we could do this on our own and I know she always just a text away even though she's no longer working with us. I know it's a big financial investment but I truly can't think of any money better spent! I don't know how we would have gotten through the roughest newborn weeks without Cami!


Kristin Robinson6/24/2023As first time parents, my husband and I needed an experienced postpartum doula who could help us navigate life with a newborn. Cami was our invaluable partner over the course of five weeks, patiently showing us the ropes when it came to baby care, bathing, tummy time, and so much more. Cami has three special qualities that made her a great choice for our family: 1) Connection to Baby: Cami formed an immediate, positive bond with our baby. Our baby responded really well to the way Cami held her, soothed her, and spoke to her. I believe that babies can sense a person’s energy and intent, and I felt at ease knowing our baby was so comfortable being handled and cared for by Cami. 2) Support for Mom: Many doulas view their role as primarily caring for the baby. Cami takes her duties a step further and ensures that Mom is also doing well, mentally and physically. I’m exclusively pumping and Cami assisted in setting up my breast pump and even helped me through some very painful clogged docs during our nighttime massage sessions. I can’t begin to describe how important this support was for me! 3) Passion for the Job: Cami’s passion for being a postpartum doula is obvious. She never tried to rush off in the mornings, but rather left when things with our baby were calm and in a good place. I could tell that the well-being of our baby was always her top priority. We are so happy to have worked with Cami during that critical first month with our newborn. If you’re looking for a skilled and knowledgeable doula, give Cami a call. If you’re lucky, you might even get to try her famous enchiladas!