DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
6 TESTIMONIALS

Carrie Visalli, CD(DONA), CVD (TVL)

Doula Carrie Visalli - Certified VBAC Doula

San Diego, CA  Service range 25 miles

https://doulacarrie.com/

Birth Fee

$1400 to $1600

CONTACT CARRIE VIEW CARRIE'S AVAILABILITY

Meagan Dugan8/14/2023Our birth experience wouldn’t have been as positive without Carrie! She is warm, knowledgeable, and has such a peaceful presence. She took the time to get to know us and make us feeling confident leading up to the birth with the prenatal visits, text/call checks ins, and walks. When the time came and contractions started, Carrie made sure she was available (even though that meant leaving her family camping trip!). Throughout labor, she was a calming and reassuring support person for my husband- he was so glad she was there! Carrie encouraged me to advocate for what I wanted during labor, and made sure I stayed well hydrated and nourished. Her suggestions for positions and distractions during labor were really helpful, and she worked great with our nurses. Throughout the postpartum period she has provided resources and continued to check in on us. We really appreciate Carrie’s gentle way and her thoughtfulness! Highly recommend.


Megan5/18/2023I can't say enough great things about Carrie! From our first meeting over zoom, to my postnatal check in Carrie has been attentive and caring above and beyond what I could have hoped. My husband was nervous to have another person in the room as he knows me better than anyone in the world and knows how to read my needs, and wasn't sure how another person would help or hinder. Carrie understood this and partnered with him so well through my labor and delivery, giving him suggestions to give to me, and then feeding me throughout too. Carrie is very knowledgeable in laboring techniques and prepared me during our prenatal meetings with info on the options so that I could make decisions during labor. These meetings also gave her time to get to know me, asking questions about what I would like to hear and feel during labor and delivery. I am so thankful for Carrie and all that she did to help me have the best birth imaginable. 


Christan4/17/2023Carrie helped me accomplish my VBAC goal! Carrie was an incredible doula. We connected right off the bat and I felt very comfortable reaching out to her regularly with questions during pregnancy. She also was really good about checking in on me and even suggested a zoo trip to get some walking in! During my labor she coached me via text, checking in on me until it was time for her to come to the hospital. When we were at the hospital she helped me move through different positions through contractions. She suggested positions I wasn't sure about and then when I got into them, they were exactly what I needed to get through contractions. She helped communicate with my nurses asking questions so that we were all understanding exactly what was going on. During labor she used all her force to help with counter pressure during my contractions. She reminded me to breathe and relax. There was never a point where I was overwhelmed because I had her in my corner. I ended up with the perfect VBAC and she took pictures for me during all of this that I will cherish forever! Carrie was the perfect doula for me. 


Michelle Dixon2/21/2023**VBAC Success!**I had a C-section with my first baby. I had fully intended to birth him vaginally, but the epidural slowed things way down and I stopped dilating at 7cm. After 30 hours of labor, we decided to just move forward with the C Section. Fortunately, it went smoothly!I got pregnant with my second baby 13 months later and was determined to have a VBAC! But it's definitely something you have to advocate for or hope that your doctor is on the same page, because they can easily dangle the "c-section card" in front of you as the "simpler" option. I remember having many conversations with Carrie because she herself had a VBAC and she was my #1 cheerleader! Even when I was a little nervous about it, or considered scheduling a C, she walked me through her experience and gave me all of the calming advice to help me know and believe I could do it too. I'm so grateful I had Carrie because when I had an epidural again, things began to slow down like clockwork. But this time, I followed her tips to move as much as possible (even if just side to side in my bed) to help my body keep progressing. The total labor was about 20 hours and the best part was I only had to push for 40 minutes and he was out!! I was so proud of myself and grateful I could experience both types of births. Carrie, thank you for your ever calming presence and support! You are amazing and I love you!


Britt8/13/2022I hired Carrie at 6 months pregnant for the birth of my 1st child. We clicked right away during our consultation call prior to meeting. I was so nervous about labor and delivery and having her support during my third trimester was very helpful. When I went into labor there were still restrictions at the hospital for having more than one support person in the room. She met us at my home that morning and helped me through early labor, she was just a phone call away during the remainder of labor at the hospital, and helped coach my husband to make my experience more comfortable and safe. She came over a few days later to meet the baby and introduced me to some great lacation support groups. We have remained in touch and I feel lucky to have found her! Carrie has such a passion for birth and giving women options to try unmedicated or medicated (no judgement). She is a mother of two and gives great advice from her own experience. One of my girlfriends hired her a couple months later and said she would not have been able to get through her 2 day long labor without Carrie. If you are looking for someone who will give you the facts, be kind and understanding towards your feelings, and who will continue to support you after the baby arrives than Carrie is your girl! I would highly recommend booking her services whether your a 1st time mom or a mom of 3 :)


Brendan Woods10/29/2021My wife and I were very determined to have a natural, intervention free birth experience. We selected a birthing center to deliver our baby at and we began seeing them mid-pregnancy, for checkups/support/etc. They also offered postpartum support and care, so thats also a big plus. Long story short, our birth center provided resources to find a doula. My wife decided that she would like to pursue getting a doula and we talked to a few before meeting and deciding that Carrie would be the best fit. My wife had a better idea of what a kind of support/assistance a doula can provide than I did. Suffice to say, while at first I did not necessarily see the need for one. Now, having gone through 36+ hours of labor with Carrie's support, I can't imagine having done it without her.My wife is rather sensitive, and I tend to be direct (I've often beed accused of being stoic and emotionless), so it did seem like a good idea to have an additional emotional support person. Someone who came across a little less terse. In all ways, Carrie fit this roll, and filled in for all of my deficiencies during labor. She also presents, no matter the circumstance, a calm, rational, and caring demeanor. Our birth turned out to be a marathon, that I dont think either of us were prepared for. Carrie brought a calm, mellow energy to the experience. Honestly, we were all pushed to the limit, Carrie included, with how long this birth was. If not for Carrie, my wife and I wouldnt have even remembered to eat, let alone remain composed.She presents herself very professionally, yet also is exceptionally caring, emotionally available, and empathetic. In my experience, that is a very rare combo. I can't speak for the world of doulas, because this has been my only experience working with one, but in my opinion, she is a rare find.TL,DR: Carrie is amazing. 10 out of 10, would recommend.-Brendan