DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
4 TESTIMONIALS

Claire Brisendine, CD (DTI), NCS

Los Angeles, CA  Service range 15 miles  distance/virtual services available anywhere in the U.S.A.

4103407774

http://www.clairebrisendine.care

Birth Fee

$1650

Postpartum Rate

$45

Availability Remarks: Covid-19 Vaccinated; Currently working with only one postpartum client at a time; offering daytime and overnight postpartum doula services

CONTACT CLAIRE VIEW CLAIRE 'S AVAILABILITY

Melissa and Jeremy11/29/2022Claire was our post-partum doula for the first six weeks of our newborn son's life and then was our night doula as we transitioned back to work for several weeks. We are so grateful we found her as she was truly invaluable in caring for our newborn and supporting us as overwhelmed new parents. She has a grounding, gentle energy and a deep well of wisdom, empathy and patience. Not only did she provide needed practical support, she also gave us a real education in caring for our baby -- we learned so many tools we still use with our son now at 4 months. Needless to say, we can't recommend her enough as a doula!


Jayme9/17/2022Claire was so valuable to my birth experience and I'd recommend her to any of my friends who are considering hiring a doula. In the meetings leading up to my delivery she was incredibly helpful in walking me through all of my birthing options and making me feel comfortable that I had the birth plan I wanted. She went through practical guidance about early labor tools and techniques for pain management as well as breathing methods with my partner. I didn't feel any judgement from her for any of my delivery choices and I felt heard and supported throughout the process.  During labor she was a calming presence who was a supportive advocate for me and my baby. Claire is very knowledgeable and I knew I was in good hands with her by my side. 


M.B.8/13/2022Claire is the most wonderful caregiver you could hope for. I completely trusted her judgement and interaction with my baby girl and she's kind, considerate, punctual, and took great care to protect us from covid. She's very knowledgeable about babies too. She's a gem!!!! 


Rachel Hanson & Michael Chamoy1/3/2022Claire is amazing. Not only is she the baby whisperer, but she has a wealth of knowledge on all things childcare. My husband and I are older parents, the lack of sleep that came with our newborn was debilitating.  We initially brought in Claire so we could sleep but we received so much more.  Every night we talked about goals we wanted to hit during her stay with us. Together we created a schedule that set our daughter up for success. Last night, our little slept 6 uninterrupted hours in her own room, AMAZING!! We can't thank her enough for this gift. She helped us take the training wheels off and gave us confidence in our parenthood journey. We sincerely can't recommend her enough! Love you Claire!!   