DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
13 TESTIMONIALS

DeAnna Aschwanden CD(DONA)

Golden State Birth Services

Lodi, CA  Service range 15 miles

2097470674

https://www.goldenstatebirths.com/

Birth Fee

$1900

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $55

CONTACT DEANNA VIEW DEANNA'S AVAILABILITY

Casey Dalton8/3/2022DeAnna is the Doula of all Doulas and I don't say that lightly. In 2020, I was seeking a Doula in hopes of having a VBAC and DeAnna assured me that she could help me prepare my body and mind for this to happen and she did! She had exercises/things for me to do all throughout my pregnancy, she checked in on me & always answered my texts/call. She was/is amazing! I felt so ready to have my VBAC and couldn't wait to welcome my baby. Unfortunately, my Daughter passed away in utero due to her umbilical cord becoming compressed on the day of her due date. As devastating as it was, DeAnna was by our side every step of the way. She met us at the hospital immediately and stayed with us as we prepared to deliver our Daughter, stillborn. I still had to go through the labor process (18 hours) and DeAnna was the very best support throughout. I also still wanted to try for a VBAC; she helped guide me in labor, coaching me, holding me as I sobbed, being so very delicate. She also helped guide my husband and was great support to him too. The next morning, I delivered my Daughter vaginally and as sad as it was losing her, it felt like a gift being able to have her the way I'd hoped for. I thank DeAnna for helping make this happen. It will forever be something special that I had with my girl. Fast forward to about a year later and we were having our third (rainbow) baby. DeAnna helped us again and on March 26th we delivered our rainbow baby; healthy, beautiful and vaginally! DeAnna has been by my side for more than I ever expected her to be. She has become more than just our Doula, she is my childrens Godmother & our lifelong friend. If you're looking for the perfect Doula, I'm sure there's many great ones out there but from a very deep, personal experience, I'm here to tell you DeAnna is so much more than just a Doula (which is she top notch at btw) she's one of the best people I know with the biggest, most wonderful heart and that is something truly special. 


Liz L.5/5/2022My husband and just I had our first baby and we were on the fence about hiring a doula. We decided to just chat with someone, and that was DeAnna. We knew before the end of the meeting that we wanted to hire her because she was so easy to talk to, friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful. Now having gone through labor and delivery with a doula, I don’t know how I would do it without one. We are so grateful that our birth experience was smooth and straightforward (and I’d even say it was pleasant!), and we feel that is largely due to having DeAnna supporting us on our birth team. DeAnna always made me feel at peace when I was feeling anxious, and she did not skip a beat in taking care of both me and my husband both before and during labor. Every mother deserves a DeAnna and we are so grateful for her knowledge and support! She has truly become a friend of ours and it is without a doubt we made the right decision in hiring her.


Madeline Adams12/7/2021Just wanted to say if you are thinking about hiring a doula now or in the future- DO IT. I hired DeAnna in hopes for an unmedicated vbac. Not only is she the sweetest and most caring person ever... She was so helpful throughout.... but definitely during labor. My babe was OP and his head wasn’t engaging so I labored for 56 hours- 40 of them were unmedicated!!! Before she showed up,  I had mentally given up. She came with her candles, oil diffuser, comb, tens unit- life saver for back labor, and helped me breath through contractions, walk, and change positions, even when I didn’t want to.Even my fiancé said she was worth every penny and continues to tell everyone. 


Laura W10/10/2021Deanna is truly a wonderful person and an even better doula. We could not have been more happy with her services- she went above and beyond in every way. Starting with her childbirth prep classes, her speed and knowledge in answering all our questions, she even did research on the side and sent us articles to help address our specific questions. During the birth Deanna provided us with not only physical support, but also emotional support for me and my partner. She made us feel comfortable and confident in our decisions.  Even though our birth plan did not go as we had intended we still had a positive birthing experience thanks to Deanna. She was also extremely helpful postpartum in showing us best feeding practices, swaddling techniques, and other “infant 101” information. I truly don’t know how we would’ve done it without her- I would highly recommend Deanna.


Julie McLaren7/27/2021Deanna was such a fantastic support for me during and after the birth of my baby. She knew exactly what I needed without me asking. I am not the type of person to receive help easily but Deanna was an extension of me.  I had a long labor during strict covid protocols so I had virtual support until we got close. We informed Deanna that it was time and she came to the hospital in the middle of the night to an exhausted and defeated woman. She not only helped guide me through the final stages of labor but also photographed beautiful moments. Following the birth Deanna checked up on me and provided postpartum support. She is a natural nurturer and someone you want on your team! 


Casey Kennerson6/12/2021I was very happy with DeAnna, she helped me with my birth and stayed by me to support me during the entire time. She helped me with staying as true as possible to my birth plan even though I had to be induced and keeping me strong. Thank you DeAnna!


Yumi Frank4/17/2021Having DeAnna as a doula was a true blessing for our family. During pregnancy, she gave us a lot of guidance and support, from providing resources and information to helping me write the birth plan and showing exercises to prepare for labor (which must have worked because the labor was only 6 hours!). At the hospital, DeAnna was my only support person, since my husband was watching our older children. I can't imagine getting through the pain and anxieties of giving (unmedicated) birth without her support. I felt reassured knowing that she was there to guide me and advocate for me if needed. I will always remember my pregnancy as a beautiful and extremely positive chapter of my life, and having such a supportive doula was a big part of that experience. I would definitely recommend her to anyone.


Mckenna Respicio4/4/2021DeAnna was an amazing support throughout my whole pregnancy. Being pregnant in general is very difficult ibut add COVID and it made it a very stressful time. DeAnna was reassuring and always available for my many questions during my pregnancy. When I went into labor DeAnna quickly arrived to be with me and walked my husband through the ways he could help me through contractions knowing that she most likely wouldn't be allowed in the ward with me. All through out labor, her virtual support helped immensely. She coached me and my husband through every stage. She barely even got any sleep during my 30 hour labor but she still remained positive and encouraging. I'm so grateful for her help and advice through out my pregnancy, delivery, and my recovery. I fully recommend her for anyone looking for pregnancy/labor support. 


Anjelica Atebar12/24/2020DeAnna is truly the most kind, helpful, supportive, and loving human being. I absolutely could not have gotten through my 36+ hour labor without DeAnna. We mainly decided to get a doula to help my husband be supportive to me, but at the end of the day, we both very much needed her and feel an immense amount of love for her. DeAnna is now family in our book, and I highly suggest anyone going through the birthing process (especially a first time mom) to get in touch with her.... you probably have no idea just how much you need her calming presence! :)A true testiment to how wonderful she is, we are still regularly in touch via text because she genuinely forms such strong bonds with her clients (and I had my baby at the beginning of October!)


Emily Cipolla11/20/2020Deanna was an incredible doula to me and my fiancé. She was attentive and calming. She did everything in her power to prepare me for labor and was so encouraging the entire time I was in labor. During labor we had her on zoom and she was engaged in everything and coached me and my fiancé through it all. I remember asking her if she was going to stay on zoom with us all night and she responded with "don't worry, I'm not going anywhere." That was so comforting in a time where I was unsure and uncomfortable. Just having her on a screen helped me relax. Without her, I would not have been able to get as far into labor as I did. She coached us with comfort measures and positioning during contractions. After my son was born she continued to check on me and made herself available to talk. I would highly recommend her to anyone who is going to have a baby. She's the best!! 


Cory Evers11/18/2020DeAnna was an amazing doula assistant to my actual doula. She happened to be there at the beginning and then at the end when I delivered. She did amazing in helping me through the pain and was calm and attentive. She is definitely a great person to have close to you in your village. I would definitely recommend her and her services! 


Faith Wilkerson11/10/2020I can not put into words the amazing care and support I received from Deanna. She was so tender and understanding. I was having complications due to high blood pressure, and she kept my baby and me safe. She made sure I got to the hospital and had a quick, easy, and natural delivery in spite of the complications.Deanna was an excellent doula. she talked me through every cramp. She encouraged me when I doubted myself. When I felt overwhelmed by the ocean of pain that is caused by labor, which swept me deeper into the undertow of agony with each contraction, Deanna was the hand that pulled me up to keep me just above the Intimidating thrashing sea that threatened to overtake me. Somehow through this torrential storm, she made it serene. With her nurturing words and care, I felt empowered and balanced aboard this life altering experience. She paid close attention to where I held my tension, and helped me to replace it with controlled breathing and positive thoughts which kept me centered. I honestly think that I couldn't have made it through without prayer, her compassionate loving nature, and experience.Deanna is truly a master of her craft. I will only deliver my babies with her by my side from here on out. I highly recommend her and this doula groups services. I believe satisfaction, useful information, and referrals are guaranteed.


Chelsea Gillis8/28/2020DeAnna was incredible! See anticipated all of our needs and was incredibly personal and thoughtful. She was comforting and created a calming atmosphere for our birth. She was sensitive to what we needed and wanted and helped us achieve the birth plan that we had intended. I would highly recommend her to anyone! I plan on hiring her again for our next birth!