DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
6 TESTIMONIALS

Doula Patti -I can teach FOB to be your doula Hands on, Virtual, FaceTime & Doula by Text

Doula Labor Your Way (Free 10 min consultation)

Oakley, CA  Service range 75 miles  No restrictions Doula by text tends to work great for people !

9258640616

https://doulalaboryourway.business.site

Birth Fee

$0 to $2500

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Rachel11/6/2021Having Patti was by far one of the best decisions I made for my birth. We had planned a natural birth using Hypnobirthing; she was so supportive and worked with me leading up to the delivery by practicing meditations, essential oils, breathing techniques, and her wonderful massage. Unfortunately I had extremely long back labor. I don't know how I would have gotten through it without her. She was so patient and when I decided to change plans she was incredibly supportive. She was right there with me every step of the way and so intuitive as when to jump in and when to back off. I don't know how she found the time to take care of me and be there for my husband as well. Her presence helped me so much during my labor and delivery and I will definitely be hiring her for my next pregnancy.  I highly recommend Patti if you are looking for a doula who is hands on, brings an amazing experience, lots of tools for coping, and a wonderful touch. 


Alexandra Nagy6/13/2021We had an amazing experience with Doula Patti. My goal was to have a natural birth in a hospital setting, and Patti was able to help me prepare using Hypnobirthing relaxation, visualization and breathing techniques. She also helped my husband to be much more relaxed by guiding him through massage techniques.During labor, Patti was the best emotional and physical support we could’ve asked for. She stayed with us by our side supporting us with aromatherapy, massage, visualization, affirmations, among others.She helped me focus my energy to get through our planned natural birth. Her voice, words and touch were more comforting than I can express. She was a calming presence in the room and made me feel like a superhero in the birth of my child. We are so grateful to Patti for her patience and the help she gave me so I could have a successful, natural, medication free birth!


Kalyce Woods5/15/2021Im a first time mom, so finding out I was pregnant was a complete but amazing surprise also nerve racking! With all these thoughts going through my mind I found myself on google looking for Doulas and Patti was the first I found. I contacted her at around 14weeks and she was beyond what I needed.Through the course of my pregnancy she helped with my body aches &pains, she was my emotional support person. She showed up and showed out, EVERYTIME ! She introduced me into hypnobirthing and taught me to breathe. I was under the impression that Doulas were only for homebirths, she made me realize that every woman deserves a Doula, homebirth or not. Doula Patti goes above and beyond, I recommend her 5 stars !


Danielle Joseph1/7/2021I am so happy to write a testimonial for sweet Patti. I am a first time mother and Labor and Delivery Registered Nurse. Patti is my virtual doula currently as my husband and I prepare for our first child due in June.Due to current COVID restrictions, Patti skillfully found a way to attend to our needs virtually and has been as supportive and caring as she would have been in person. Though I have to say, having met Patti in person previously I do miss her magical touch/massage techniques.Patti has provided guidance and support to myself and my husband to act as a daddy/doula, while Patti supports us over the phone. She is mindful and caring, and she is able to adapt to our specific needs and requests by making videos for my husband to learn how to support us through birth, as well as phone consultations for hypnotherapy and breathing relaxation techniques.I would recommend Patti's doula services to anyone who is looking for a highly experienced doula with true adaptation skills and immediate rapport build!We are so grateful for Patti! 


April Smith in Pittsburg6/17/2020I met Patty when I was searching for a local doula to accompany me to the hospital in place of my husband. She responded quickly to my inquiry and was even comfortable texting me when I was too busy for a phone call. She was very knowledgeable and friendly and caring and was even willing to work with me on the pricing. She has still been caring and checking in on me and sharing her knowledge with me though I no longer need her to accompany me to the hospital. She genuinely wants to help women during our special time and she has been a pleasure to deal with.


Madeline Hatch1/24/2020I met Patti while volunteering at the Martinez county hospital CCRMC and she has such a drive to help moms with positive enthusiasm. Her willingness to be there is so contagious she has positive vibes and makes you feel like everything will be A-Okay. 