DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Eldrid O'Driscoll

Topanga Birth Doula

Topanga, CA  Service range 30 miles

3104296769

https://www.topangabirthdoula.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $45

CONTACT ELDRID VIEW ELDRID'S AVAILABILITY

Mia5/23/2023Eldrid guided me through the birth experience twice – my first time in the hospital and my second time at home.  While the birth experiences could not have been more different, Eldrid guided me seamlessly, lovingly and effectively through each one.  Eldrid possesses a unique combination of fierce authority alongside a deeply compassionate heart.  She guides and nurtures you through brith with a level of experience that instills confidence and trust, while also knowing just when to hold your hand or speak words of much-needed encouragement.  She exudes warmth and empathy in every interaction – whether pre-, during or post-birth.   She is also a wonderful listener – always willing to incorporate new tricks and methods to ensure that she is optimally speaking the language of her client.  Words will never properly express how much I needed and appreciated her through both of my births.


Nicole5/23/2023Eldrid was our doula for the birth of our daughter. She exudes calmness and gentleness - and is an incredible person. Eldrid came through when things went sideways with our home birth plans. She didn't miss a beat and was at my side through it all. She is very compassionate and deeply empathic and has a great sense of humor. We felt honored and blessed to have had her help our child enter our lives and world. She was just as excited to meet her as we were and my birthing process took 55 hrs!! Eldrid was at my side THROUGH IT ALL.She even gracefully navigated my supreme physical exhaustion at the end when I was barking orders to folks. She was a calming rock at my side, even after 55 hrs. She deserves a medal! She's become a dear friend and has helped us navigate the world of homeschooling as well. She goes above and beyond her job description. 


Daisy5/23/2023I was so grateful to have Eldrid with me during my pregnancy and labor. Eldrid was a calming presence while I was going through something new and scary. Even though she was nowhere near old enough to be my grandmother, I got a very grandmotherly feeling from her. She is warm and thoughtful and grounding. She stuck with me for all 37 hours of my labor, both at home and in the hospital. I don't know how I would have done it without her. I trusted her so much I asked her to help me decide what to do when the doctor started grumbling about a c-section (he probably had dinner reservations). I would 100% hire Eldrid again if I were ever crazy enough to have another kid.    


Brandi5/18/2023Eldrid was exactly the doula that I needed during my childbirth with my daughter. Her gentle, caring demeanor and thoughtfulness helped get me through my labor. My labor wasn’t especially challenging, but that in part was due to the fact that I had Eldrid there, attending to my needs. Her presence- helping with my breathing, helping read my affirmations, helping keep my husband in check, and helping with my 2 year old son, was vital to my birthing process. I wholeheartedly recommend Eldrid as a loving, supportive doula.


Nell5/10/2023Eldrid was a compassionate, kind, thoughtful, and empathetic doula to usher us through the birth of our first daughter. She met with us early and often to put together a birth plan that really utilized our voice amongst a stream of medical jargon. And then, when our birth when wildly unpredictable, Eldrid was in the OR ushering me through a cesarean, 5 weeks early, that I never imagined would be our path. She stayed with me through every step of the labor, the surgery, and the recovery. I could not have managed the emotional rollercoaster that we were on without her. Nearly 10 years later I think about her presence often with such love and gratitude. There was no one who could have managed such unpredictability better.