DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
25 TESTIMONIALS

Elizabeth Clark

Looma Birth

Long Beach, CA  Service range 30 miles

562-548-1383

http://www.loomabirth.com

Birth Fee

$700 to $4000

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $75

Availability Remarks: I work in a partnership with my doula partner to provide premium support to our clients together. Together, we provide the ultimate service experience to empower your family!

CONTACT ELIZABETH VIEW ELIZABETH'S AVAILABILITY

Alexandra McDonald4/26/2023We worked with Elizabeth to get matched with a post partum on her team and we had the absolute joy of having Raylene as our post partum doula for 12 weeks. We extended our contract because we couldn’t let her go! From the moment we met Raylene she provided a nurturing sense of calm that made life so much better in every way. Raylene took initiative and anticipated all of our needs - from taking care of, feeding and soothing the baby, to meal prep, making breakfast, helping with pumping, feeding challenges, and post partum difficulties, laundry, and anything else that made our family’s life easier. She is like a magical Mary Poppins who arrives and puts your chaotic life in order. Not only that but she is so good with and knowledgeable about infants — she was a sounding board for all our newborn questions, and helped provide us, as new parents, with a sense of confidence that we can do this on our own. She also had our baby sleeping long stretches early on, and our baby was sleeping 11 hours a night by the time Raylene left us. She immediately instilled 100% trust and confidence, and is a truly kind and caring human. We miss her so and wish we could have her in our home well past the newborn stage. Elizabeth was also so wonderful to work with - providing support along our entire journey. 


Amanda Ellison9/11/2022I decided to seek support from a doula on the recommendation of my midwife. This was my first pregnancy and I wanted to have emotional support as well as guidance through my pregnancy and birth. When I had my consultation with Aubrey, I remember thinking how kind and funny she was. She also made me feel confident in making sure I could advocate for myself and my birth intentions. I thought this was someone I would feel comfortable sharing this experience with. I was also lucky enough to meet with Elizabeth during my pregnancy and again felt there was a great connection and was impressed by how knowledgeable she was. Both Aubrey and Elizabeth were amazing resources throughout my pregnancy and postpartum experience.  During the birth of my daughter Aubrey was so supportive. She literally held my hand through contractions. She brought such a positive feel to the environment and was so encouraging. I don’t think I could have done it without her. I was so grateful that I did seek out the support of a doula, and even more appreciative that I went forward with Looma Birth. After returning home from the hospital, I was checked on frequently by both Aubrey and Elizabeth. Their check-ins were so appreciated, especially through that first week! They were able to normalize a lot of what I was experiencing and provide some very helpful information and recommendations. I also had my placenta encapsulated and believe this also played a role in why my postpartum experience went as smoothly as it did. My birth experience was beautiful and I attribute this to the support I had from Aubrey and Elizabeth.


Lori Focarelli11/2/2021Elizabeth and Aubrey were amazing support throughout my first pregnancy. They took the time to get to know us and really make our birth experience special for us. Once we confirmed that we wanted to work together, we met on a monthly basis and then many times leading up to the birth of our son. They answered all of our questions and provided us with information to make decisions on how we wanted our birth to go. Since this was my first pregnancy I was scared to give birth and I honestly couldn’t have done it without Aubrey by my side. During labor she was so attentive and advocated for me to the nurses and doctors. She made she I was comfortable and when it came time of pushing she suggested so many different positions to help me. Both Elizabeth and Aubrey are experts in this field and I would 100% recommend them for your pregnancy and birth of your child.


Hannah B10/18/2021Our doula Elizabeth was such a crucial part of our pregnancy and delivery - we really are not sure we would have made it through without her instructions and support. Our meetings during pregnancy helped prepare us immensely and ease our anxieties, but her presence during delivery really gave us confidence we needed. She showed up, coached my husband and I, and held my hand while coaching me through 20 hours of labor and 4 hours of pushing !! It was a marathon and so exhausting, but she kept us strong and was so amazing throughout. I am so glad we had her and beyond grateful for her support - our beautiful baby Rocco is a miracle and our experience was made possible in large by Elizabeth and her awesome partner Aubrey ! Thank you both so much!!


Hannah Schuler10/18/2021Our doula Elizabeth was such a crucial part of our pregnancy and delivery - we really are not sure we would have made it through without her instructions and support. Our meetings during pregnancy helped prepare us immensely and ease our anxieties, but her presence during delivery really gave us confidence we needed. She showed up, coached my husband and I, and held my hand while coaching me through 20 hours of labor and 4 hours of pushing !! It was a marathon and so exhausting, but she kept us strong and was so amazing throughout. I am so glad we had her and beyond grateful for her support - our beautiful baby Rocco is a miracle and our experience was made possible in large by Elizabeth and her awesome partner Aubrey ! Thank you both so much!!


Nooshin10/12/2021If you are able to book Elizabeth, you will be making one of the best Mom decisions of your life. I had her as my post partum night doula for 7 weeks after my C-Section, and there is no doubt in my mind that she is the reason why my recovery was smooth and my breastfeeding journey has been successful. My first delivery was traumatic. It took me months to recover, my anxiety was was intense and every moment of breastfeeding was a nightmare. This time around, my biggest goal was to be able to still get time with my older child and have an established breastfeeding relationship with my new baby and she helped me achieve that and more. I also had her encapsularte and tincture my placenta, which I whole heartedly believe played a role in why I did not suffer from post partum anxiety the way I did from my first baby.Elizabeth is incredibly nurturing, knowledgable and hard working. Many nights I just needed her to talk me through my worries and she would build up my confidence about what I was capable of and how to maintain my milk supply, while ensuring I was well nourished with snacks, food and beverages at all times. She went above and beyond what was asked of her and would make sure there were no loose ends before she left. A hot breakfast, lemon water, snacks and coffee would all be waiting for me (often with a sweet note) and would help me start my day off right. My 7-year old loved her as well and would ask every night if she'll get to see her when she woke up in the morning :)I really can't say enough about what a blessing having Elizabeth was for our family. I am a healthy and happy, exclusively breastfeeding working mom of two. Something I couldn't really imagine happening for me before and much of it is because of Elizabeth's time and care during our most vulnerable and precious time.  


Dani Calahan6/29/2021Elizabeth was the rock to our labor and delivery experience. She was so resourceful beforehand and was just the most amazing person to have in the delivery room with us. I was a VBAC mama and I feel like Elizabeth was the reason that we were so successful in achieving our VBAC. We love her so much and consider her a part of our family.


Ema Stoffel6/23/2021If you are considering getting a doula, stop considering and just do it! First time mom during the thick of the pandemic and I had no idea what I was doing.Elizabeth was amazing. From the interview process till we met our son, she was there for us. She made sure that my husband and I had all the knowledge we needed going into the hospital. And she was super helpful in assisting with pain management.During my whole pregnancy, I had a "plan" on how I wanted the labor and delivery to go. And of course life happened and the exact oposite of my want went out the window. But because of Elizabeths help and guidance my husband and I were able to pivot! Not only that she gave me the strength to advocate for myself and my needs/want when we were in the hospital.While we were in the hospital my husband serisouly went above and beyond with my needs and helping coach me though labor and delivery. And we owe a big part of that to Elizabeth who was available to us via text and FaceTime, the whole time. (She wasn't allowed to come to the hospital with us)I highly recommed hiring Elizabeth she was a godsend!


Megan6/7/2021My second-time birth & postpartum experience would not have been as peaceful of a journey were it not for Elizabeth's part in it. I hired her on fairly early in my pregnancy because I was nervous about being pregnant with a second baby while raising a toddler- particularly during COVID- in addition to concerns that I had about the delivery and postpartum anxiety that I experienced with my firstborn. Lizzie supported me throughout my entire pregnancy through my fourth trimester, helping me to feel more relaxed and educated about how to create a peaceful and healthy pregnancy in the midst of what would have otherwise been a very chaotic time.What drew me to her initially was her passion for her work and her drive to create an experience that went beyond what anybody else was offering. Between her weekly interviews with other birth workers, prenatal yoga classes, and a perfect balance of both evidence-based and intuitive/personal knowledge, the support I received from her was invaluable.When it came time to bring my son into the world, she was so supportive and helpful as I went into labor on my own (which I did not get to experience with my daughter), and worked with the nurses to meet my baby boy. As a matter of fact, even the nurses complimented me on my choice of doula.My partner was also able to enjoy both my pregnancy and my birth experience much more having Lizzie's support, which is also something that I felt was SO helpful because it allowed us to both feel more connected and confident as parents. She made it a point to include him in every possible conversation and prep-session because a doula should not just support the Mamas, and she was amazing at keeping Dad actively involved. This was  especially important to me during COVID because Dad wasn't allowed to join me for any of my doctor visits, and I am eternally grateful to Lizzie for making sure that he was still a physical and emotional part of our pregnancy.


Olga L2/3/2021Words cannot describe the gratitude I feel towards Elizabeth. Elizabeth is a very special person and one of the best doulas, in my opinion, in the world. This was my second birth - my first ended up with a C-section. I wasn't prepared, I didn't have a doula and didn't know how to advocate for myself. This time, I was determined to do it differently. I hired Elizabeth pretty early on in my second pregnancy after interviewing other wonderful doulas. However, Elizabeth really stood out to me with her approach to client selection, understanding of birth, drive to constantly learn and I am so grateful I went with my gut to hire her.At around 34 weeks, it was pretty clear that my little babe is going to be breech. I switched providers and learned about breech VBAC - all thanks to Elizabeth. She was by my side every step of the way and I felt incredibly supported. One of the many things that's amazing is Elizabeth really did a terrific job educating me about breech birth and what I should expect. Both my husband and I love her and felt so so supported by her throughout the pregnancy. She also made me think of what's important to me even outside of what I have already highlighted. The education she provides ahead of time is unparalleled!Then it came time for birth! She answered her phone in the middle of the night, was so thoughtful and helpful during the early labor and then delivery! She advocated for me (I thought I could myself but there is no way you can during active labor), made sure I get the best care, got golden hour and everything else I wanted and needed. She also is amazing at getting what her client wants without being disruptive during birth. She just makes the whole birth team feel relaxed and welcoming.Elizabeth, from the bottom of my heart, thank you for being by my side as I brought this amazing human being earth side. I wouldn't have done it without you!


Monique Lerdsuwanrut1/17/2021Elizabeth is the reason that I had such an amazing birth experience! My husband and I got pregnant in the start of the pandemic which means we were due right in the middle, September 2020. I knew I wanted to try to have a natural birth but there were not many options when it came to child birthing classes and having a doula in person with you during your delivery. We weren't even sure if my husband would be allowed in the delivery room with me!With all of the uncertainties and scariness of COVID, I began to panic upcoming our birth. Three months prior to our delivery date we met Elizabeth and we instantly felt more comfortable and supported.When it came to our expecting time, we kept in constant contact through texts, facetimes and phone calls. She taught us about the whole labor process and even massages and pressure points my husband used to ease the pressure during labor. When things would come up that were not according to our birth plan, we discussed my options and either proceeded like the doctors has suggested or went with what Elizabeth had recommended. Everything turned out great! We had gotten the natural birth that we wanted and I was so relaxed throughout the whole process that I went into the hospital at 8cm dilated!Even after the birth of our son, Elizabeth checked up on us to make sure that we were doing alright. She sent over articles and videos that helped with breastfeeding troubles that I was experiencing. During the first week I started to feel a shift in my hormones and immediately started taking my placenta pills, a few days later I felt completely normal again! I highly recommend getting your placenta encapsulated with Elizabeth!Elizabeth is such a caring and supportive person, we are so lucky that we found her. Our birth would not have been as peaceful and beautiful without her support and wisdom. Do not think twice about having her as your doula! You will not regret it!


Kelsey McIntosh1/12/2021Having Elizabeth as part of our birth experience was one of the best decisions we could have made when bringing our first baby into this world! As a first time mom, I knew I wanted extra support, and from the moment I spoke with Elizabeth she made me feel so at ease, so confident, and I knew that she was the doula for us! Elizabeth was the first doula we spoke with, and she genuinely encouraged us to speak with more doulas, just so we felt 100% confident in our choice. I really loved that she was looking out for our best interest above everything. After speaking with others, it only confirmed what I already knew, Elizabeth was our gal!Not only did she provide amazing support during COVID, which is a scary time for pregnant mamas as is, she also provided additional resources virtually to help us feel prepared. I took both the Prenatal Yoga classes as well as the Birth Prep class in addition to her doula services and both were phenomenal. She kept us updated on hospital standards for doulas every step of the way so we knew what to expect. Unfortunately, since our son was born at 36 weeks and came very quickly, we were not able to have Elizabeth at the birth with us. But I would not have felt nearly as prepared without her pre and postnatal support.Elizabeth is an expert in her craft, passionate about what she does (but without pushing any judgements on new mamas and their decisions), always available whenever I needed to throw questions her way, and provided such a sense of calm confidence in me as a mama. That’s all we could have asked for! We would absolutely recommend Elizabeth over and over again.


Patty A.11/11/2020Elizabeth was amazing. Due to the pandemic I lost track of time and was franticly looking for a doula the month before I was due and I could not have been happier to find Elizabeth. We did a zoom interview with her.Of course I had a birth plan - to have my baby as natural as possible - and Elizabeth was very supportive of that. Unfortunately nothing went according to plans but Elizabeth was still great.  She met with me and my husband, was very knowledgeable about the hospital where I would have my baby. She went through the whole process in detail - what my body would be doing and how labor and delivery in the hospital works. She went through breathign exercises and confort measures for labor. She made us feel calm and prepared and even though plans changed we felt comfortable and were able to understand what was happening and why.Due to the pandemic I was only allowed one support person in the hospital, which was my husband, but I really wish Elizabeth could have been there. However, she was in constant contact with us and was very available for a call or a text.


Nina11/6/2020Elizabeth is an outstanding doula!  She worked extensively with my husband and I throughout my pregnancy educating us and preparing us for delivery.  I knew I wanted to try to have an unmedicated birth but was a little overwhelmed by it all. She never tried to coax me one way or the other, but layed out all the information for me to decide what would be best. I loved that. She really encouraged me to connect with my inner self and brought a certain spirituality to my pregnancy that I am so thankful for. She also introduced me to an entire circles of mamas with her prenatal yoga series which was so amazing to connect with others (via Zoom) during the pandemic. Unfortunately, my labor was so fast that Elizabeth was unable to make it for my birth. But because of Elizabeth and all of her help along the way, both my husband and I felt completely confident during my entire labor. The support afterwards was also incredible. I can’t wait for baby #2 so I can work with Elizabeth again!!


Melissa11/5/2020I worked with Elizabeth for my second birth. I didn’t have a doula my first birth, but from the minute I met her, I KNEW she was who I wanted in the room with me.Elizabeth was so amazing throughout the whole pregnancy, birth, and postpartum period. She was more than helpful in working through my fears to prepare and helping me to find my inner warrior during birth.My birth didn’t go as planned, but she has been truly instrumental in helping me heal and support me to find the resources I need for my own motherhood.I cannot say enough good things about Elizabeth and her services. 100% recommend her.


Elyse6/20/2020If you are thinking about hiring Elizabeth as your doula, stop thinking. DO IT! This was one of the best decisions I made in planning for pregnancy and birth. Elizabeth does this work because she truly believes in it and I believe she is truly meant to do it.  She helped me find my confidence as a new mama before, during, and after birth. The experience was so much more than just having good labor support (though that was fantastic).  Elizabeth brings her whole heart and soul to the tough, messy, but beautiful work of supporting mothers.  Becoming a mama for the first time is a true transformation, and she was there every step of the way to provide perspective and guidance.  I am so grateful for her and her work and I can't recommend her enough.  


Natalie6/15/2020My husband and I could not speak more highly of Elizabeth. Like a lot of expectant mothers, I envisioned a particular birth plan but unfortunately due to unforeseen events my birth plan quickly went out the window. Elizabeth was next to us the whole time reassuring me and somehow helped mold all of the scary moments into this beautiful safe space for me and my husband. All I can say is Elizabeth has an incredible gift. She will forever hold a very special place in my heart. I will continue to be grateful for her role in bringing my son into the world. She was so amazing that my delivery doctor told me that she was the best doula she had ever met and my delivery nurse asked me for her contact information so she could use her for her second child. You are so lucky to have come upon her name she is a gift to any mama!


Megan6/15/2020If you are looking for a passionate and professional doula look no further. Elizabeth was everything I was look for in a Doula. She helped me and my husband learn about the birth process instead of fearing it. She helped us to understand what would happen in the hospital and encouraged us to use our voice and to know what we could say no to. I felt so empowered having her by our side. She helped us welcome our second baby into the world. I would highly recommend her services to anyone and I would rehire her in a heart beat if the opportunity were to arise.


Melody Althaus5/26/2020A very big ‘thank you’ to Elizabeth of Grace and Gratitude for preparing my husband and I for the birth of our first baby!With a May 15th due date amidst the Covid-19 pandemic, we were only able to have Elizabeth with us virtually and opted for the Virtual Prenatal Guidance package. The idea upon booking was that things would lighten up and she would be able to be with us in the delivery room as our doula. Elizabeth was very open to adding that on as an option.The calls were incredibly helpful and the perfect guide for us as newly expecting parents, especially not having been able to do any in person classes or hospital visits.Elizabeth is so easy to talk to and we connected immediately, feeling comfortable chatting with her openly about anything and everything pregnancy/birth related. So many great takeaways that we wouldn’t have gotten from anyone else. Elizabeth answered all of our questions and concerns and addressed many things we hadn’t thought of.If only we could have Elizabeth in the delivery room with us...next time!


Mara5/9/2020Elizabeth is an excellent doula. Though excellent does not even fully honor how brilliant she is.  For context, Elizabeth helped me achieve a VBAC, which is a scary thing to attempt.  Throughout the entire process she met me where I was and never made me feel judged.  I felt respected for wanting to deliver in a hospital.  I felt heard when I shared my previous birth story.  I felt like I could ask her ANY question along the way.  Whether it was,  "Should my boobs feel like this?" or "What does pushing feel like?", Elizabeth was consistently and genuinely there for me.    During labor, having Elizabeth there was a calming and soothing gift.  She was there as soon as I needed her and jumped right into doing the work.  She coached me through challenging moments (the decision to get an epidural or not, the onset of pushing which came rapidly, translating what the nurses and doctors were doing, etc.).   I felt like I could lean on her throughout it all.  And by lean, I mean LEAN.  I was only comfortable standing for much of active labor and she stood with me the entire time. Labor is a blur for all of us that go through it, but what I clearly remember is the gratitude I felt for Elizabeth when it was all done.  As I held my son to my chest, I knew I wouldn't have had that birth without her by my side (both during labor and all she did leading up to it).  I have made a career out of observing professionals do what they do, and watching Elizabeth as a doula is like seeing an awe inspiring expert in practice.  She works seamlessly with your partner and the nurses, knowing where things are and what is needed when.  She has a grace and confidence that permeates the space.  She is, in my book, the best doula one could ever ask for.


Kristin Horton4/8/2020Elizabeth was an invaluable asset to my birthing experience! She is a wealth of knowledge and tips, she helped prepare me and my husband prior to birth (not only through email/in-person meetings/etc., but she also let us borrow books and recommended other resources), coached me throughout labor (helping me to stay at home longer and wait on going to the hospital, as well as throughout the laboring at the hospital) - all of which I'm SURE helped me avoid numerous interventions (I had a long and fairly difficult labor), she was great about following up after the birth, and so many other things. Numerous nurses even came up to me afterwards asking me where I got my doula and commented on how amazing she was and said how much better she was than the doulas they normally see.I found Elizabeth to be particularly in sync with me due to the fact that she is also a yoga teacher (including prenatal and baby and me classes - so that can be an awesome perk). I felt like she “spoke my language” and knew the right things to say to help me focus on my breathing, relax, and get through it with the right mindset. She also incorporated essential oils (both through massage and diffusing) and yoga stretches and poses to help my body cope and relax. It was perfect. I couldn’t have done it without here and I highly recommend her!


Jessica3/17/2020I cannot possibly imagine having such a beautiful first birth without Elizabeth by our side. Not only during our birthing time, but before and after and still to this day 6 months later! She is the epitome of what a birth worker should be- compassionate, educated, experienced and grounded. She truly cares about her community and mama's in general. She has gone above and beyond the call of duty for us and has become like family. My husband was skeptical and didn't understand the purpose of a doula before meeting Elizabeth and now he wonders how families do it without a doula! 


Tyler1/21/2020Elizabeth was my doula for the birth of my second baby. It was extremely important to me to have a doula that had experienced a successful VBAC as I was determined to have one with my second. (I was induced with my first baby from being overdue which ended in c-section) Elizabeth is a VBAC mom, so she completely understood what it would take and how important it was to me. Elizabeth is warm, down to earth and non-judgmental. I felt like I had a good friend helping me through my pregnancy and birthing time that happened to be incredibly knowledgable in all things in the birthing world. Elizabeth was loving and supportive when I needed it and was also able to pull me out of some tough spirals when I couldn't keep a clear head or had lost faith in my body's ability to go into labor. With her help I had a successful VBAC with my 9.12lb baby girl at exactly 42 weeks. It was a truly amazing experience. She checked in on me via text for a while after she was born and I knew I could lean on her when needed. She is big on building community and I still go to her mama meet ups. She is a gem of a human.


Marina Mijatovic4/25/2019Elizabeth was an integral part of our successful birth story. She helped us welcome our first baby into the world, coaching me and my husband through a natural delivery in hospital. She knew exactly what to say and do, and adjusted her support as my needs changed throughout the birth. Elizabeth is a fantastic listener, knows her craft, and is so very comforting in her balance of warmth and confidence. Although we only met a month prior to our due date, I felt like I'd known her for a long time. I'm so grateful she was our doula and can't imagine my son's birth without her; she's a part of our family forever!


Meghan McLarty4/16/2019Review of Placenta Encapsulation :: I was so happy to hear that Elizabeth was providing this service! At 20+ weeks pregnant she thoroughly explained the process to me, making me feel comfortable and confident in my decision to take my placenta in pill form post birth. When my little one arrived she was at the hospital within a few hours for pick up (with added encouragement and congratulations!) and dropped them off to me ASAP. I noticed them working right away! I had no signs of postpartum and really felt like my hormones were in control. I think they even helped with my milk supply as the weeks went on. If you're an expecting mother I HIGHLY recommend working with Elizabeth to encapsulate your placenta and utilize the other services and resources that she offers. She was a huge help to me during my pregnancy and I feel honored to now call her a friend.