DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Hattie Smith

Blessed Arrows Birth Doula

Fallbrook, CA  Service range 60 miles

972-207-1495

https://www.blessed-arrow.com

Birth Fee

$800

CONTACT HATTIE VIEW HATTIE'S AVAILABILITY

Rashida Welling8/9/2023My husband and I had the pleasure to work with Hattie as our doula for our second son July 2023. She was very patient, attentive, caring, and was actually involved through the whole birth process. She not only provided support during my pregnancy but also follows up postpartum which is essential. We had an issue where I was hospitalized and could not produce as I was previously, and she went out of her way to find resources to assist in my time of need. Such a great doula! If I had another child I would do it all over again with Hattie. Thank you so much!


Katherine Sanderson7/18/2023We had Hattie as our doula for our second daughter. We didn’t have a doula at our first birth. Having Hattie as our doula was a huge game changer! We were so thankful to have the birth we hoped for with her!She is personal, encouraging, a hard worker, and knowledgeable! Before labor she helped us prepare physical, mentally, and emotionally for birth. She was available for all my questions anytime. During birth Hattie was encouraging, hard working, and helped so much in pain management with suggestions and actions. I felt more confident and relaxed because she was there! She worked amazing with my husband as well throughout the process! We felt so cared for by Hattie each step of the way! We would highly recommend Hattie to any pregnant mother!Thank you so much Hattie for helping make the birth of our daughter so special!


Mitzy Allen6/20/2023Hattie was hands down the best doula we could have asked for! She went above and beyond to help/support my family and myself through the birth of my daughter. This birth compared to my sons in 2022 were night and day. I wish I would have used a doula for my 1st because this 2nd birth was so much easier, less traumatic, and enjoyable (as crazy as that seems). I have already recommended Hattie to some mamas to be and will continue to recommend her in the future! Hattie- Thank you again so so much! Could not have done it without you! ??