DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
6 TESTIMONIALS

Jaime Coffey, CD(DONA), PCD(DONA), CLES

Jaime For Doula

Los Angeles, CA  Service range 12 miles

323-907-6504

https://www.jaimefordoula.com

Birth Fee

$2000 to $2200

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $45

Availability Remarks: I am fully vaccinated and wear a mask in person if requested. My postpartum doula support is mostly morning/daytime, with some early evenings.

CONTACT JAIME VIEW JAIME'S AVAILABILITY

Karen2/1/2023Jaime was great to work with - friendly, well-organized, and a comfort during the birthing process. She was readily available by text and phone in advance of the actual birth. For me, this ended up being very important, because I had a long period of false labor, and so was regularly checking in with her trying to understand whether it was actual labor! In the end, true labor wasn't starting, so we scheduled an induction. In a testament to Jaime's commitment to her clients, she didn't even mind when the induction was scheduled for December 24, but in the end we induced two days earlier, so we all got to be home for Christmas. During labor, Jaime tirelessly provided pressure on my back through contractions, and suggested different positions to try. Very glad that I had her support for our birth. 


Gerald Lewis9/21/2022As first-time parents with families that live far away from us, my wife Chihiro and I determined that hiring a postpartum doula would be a good idea for much-needed assistance when our baby was born. What we found in Jaime was not only someone who could provide support, but also someone who could teach us how to be effective caring for the baby when she was not around. We knew barely anything about handling a baby, and we unfortunately didn't have the best experience trying to learn from the nurses at the hospital, so the techniques that we learned from Jaime for feeding the baby, changing diapers, bathing the baby, etc proved invaluable. Our baby was born 2 weeks early, and we appreciated that Jaime was willing and able to rearrange her schedule to be there for us shortly after we returned home from the hospital. Chihiro had a traumatic c-section experience, so early on Jaime showed me the ropes, and between the two of us we were able to help Chihiro focus on rest and recovery. That said, she also had a keen eye for when I needed rest as well, and she was always willing to watch the baby so that I could get a shower and/or nap in. She helped with cleaning, laundry, cooking, and even shopping -- she really made life so, so, so much easier for us than it would have been if we had to handle everything on our own. And on top of all that, we had some great conversations and built a friendship. We would feel 100% comfortable going back to her if we need additional support in the future. If you're reading this trying to find someone you can rely on to help care for your mini: reach out to Jaime today, because you've found what you're looking for!


Peter Lin7/28/2022As a couple of new parents, having Jaime as our doula is one of the best choice we have ever made. She is so helpful and almost life-saving in the first month of the birth.Jaime started serving second day after we returning home. She is so experienced in taking care of a newborn and couched us a lot of staffs including soothing the baby, taking shower, and breastfeeding. She is a great baby wisper and help us understand what the baby needs and how can we responds to this need.Jaime also helped a lot with baby laundary and cleaning. That really helped us save so much time for more sleep.Jaime was never reluctant to find what she can help and act very actively to help. She is also a great friend and very easy to get along with. She shared a lot of her personal stories with us and we still remember the snacks she brought to us the last day.We are so grateful to have her and we strongly believe she will also be your best doula.


Lindsay1/29/2022Following a rough post partum period with our son we decided we needed a doula's support for after the birth of our daughter. Jaime came highly recommended from a neighbour and luckily she was available when we needed her. Jaime is warm, personable and communicates well. What was key for us was Jaime's flexibility; the post partum period after our daughter was much easier than we had anticipated and so Jaime was able to be flexible to provide support to us in different ways. Jaime did lots of cooking and grocery shopping for our family which was very helpful and made life much easier. Jaime was also able to help entertain our toddler whilst I was feeding the baby or comfort the baby whilst I was dealing with the toddler.


Lana Barnett1/2/2022Jaime was a wonderful doula -- exactly what we needed in the hectic weeks before and following our baby's birth. We initially hired Jaime as both a birth and postpartum doula, but because we ended up having an emergency C-section, we did not need as much help during the birth as we had anticipated. (Though the pre-birth meetings we had with Jaime were helpful in getting us ready for labor and delivery, even if nothing ended up going as we planned!).As a post-partum doula, Jaime was very supportive and helped us get a handle on all the basics of parenting and newborn care. She brought a calm and positive energy that we so appreciated, as it's easy to feel bogged down and incompetent when getting to know a first child. She was always able to meet us where we were, offering assistance and support that varied according to our needs and energy levels. Jaime was thoughtful about Covid safety, flexible on scheduling, and all-in-all a much-appreciated part of our lives during a time when we had minimal support from family and friends due to geography and Covid. We wouldn't hesitate to recommend Jaime to others!


Loren12/21/2021Having Jaime’s support and assistance with our second baby was so helpful. She helped remind me of some things I had forgotten and provided tips on some new experiences that were presented to us. She is very calm and gentle. Jaime was attentive to the needs of myself, newborn, and older son. Making the transition go smoother. I really appreciated her help.- Loren