DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
4 TESTIMONIALS

Janée Farris

The Blooming Womb Doula

Cypress, CA  Service range 30 miles

9168338411

https://thebloomingwombdoula.com

Birth Fee

$1200

Postpartum Rate

$55 to $75

CONTACT JANÉE VIEW JANÉE'S AVAILABILITY

Nathalia Adams5/26/2023What I really liked about Janée from our first conversation was that she wasn’t pushy towards a natural birth. A lot of other doulas I had consultations with were encouraging (aka pushing) me towards going all natural, and I was not into it. Apparently it’s all the hype now, but it’s just not my jam! I knew I wanted an epidural, but wanted the education and support for laboring at home until I was able to get to the hospital- 4 centimeters seems like a looong time to wait for some pain meds! Anyways… she was great with me the whole time. Supported me before I had my epidural, helped me with positioning once I wasn’t able to move as much, worked great with my husband and mom, helped us advocate for what we wanted without stepping on the toes of the medical staff.… etc. etc. etc. She also helped with my initial breastfeeding session which was really awesome. Once I got home, breastfeeding was harder than I imagined, but the lactation consultant she recommend was really great and helped us get back on track. I could go on and on but I think you get the point. HIRE JANÉE, she’s awesome!


Michaela5/20/2023My husband and I hired Janée for the birth of our second baby. The first go around, I had no idea what a doula was, and felt out of control in the hospital. I was left feeling dissatisfied with my birth experience. Janée listened to my fears, and immediately helped me feel comfortable with her. She suggested a great birth class and books to read so we could be more educated this time around. She worked with me on my birth plan ahead of time so I could be more prepared, which was definitely helpful. I was able to achieve the unmedicated birth that I was hoping for and I am forever grateful to Janée for the support she was able to provide my husband and me during this time of transition in our family. If you are in search of a doula, I definitely recommend her.


Johanna Brunson11/22/2022Oh my goodness, where do I even begin? Janée was amazing at assisting me in my first birth. I had an induced,medicated, hospital birth, and it was a little intomidating to start. Janée came as soon as my partner told her we needed her, and brought a lot of very helpful tools with her to help me through labor before the epidural. She brought birthing combs, a TENS machine, massage roller balls, snacks, and even offered to bring coffee. She's amazing. When I needed her to apply pressure to my back, she did it without hesitation and always applied enough pressure to take my mind off the contraction pain. She put my hair up in a ponytail while I vomited, took pictures of my partner and I to remember the experience, and overall was such an amazing addition to my choice of support people. I would obviously ask her to be my doula in the future if I were to have another baby. She helped me u derstand the birthing process, and get comfortable beforehand with the things that might happen. She was available through text with answers and advice to any questions or concerns I may have. I loved her so much that I invited her to our month after baby party. My partner really appreciated her help as well when it came to calming me down, and getting me through the labor. All in all I would say, Janée did not dissappoint and I owe her tremendously for making this experience such a breeze and joy for my partner, our baby, and myself. I would say more but they only allow 2,000 characters. Thank you Janée <3. 


Johanna Brunson11/21/2022Oh my goodness, where do I even begin? Janée was amazing at assisting me in my first birth. I had an induced,medicated, hospital birth, and it was a little intomidating to start. Janée came as soon as my partner told her we needed her, and brought a lot of very helpful tools with her to help me through labor before the epidural. She brought birthing combs, a TENS machine, massage roller balls, snacks, and even offered to bring coffee. She's amazing. When I needed her to apply pressure to my back, she did it without hesitation and always applied enough pressure to take my mind off the contraction pain. She put my hair up in a ponytail while I vomited, took pictures of my partner and I to remember the experience, and overall was such an amazing addition to my choice of support people. I would obviously ask her to be my doula in the future if I were to have another baby. She helped me u derstand the birthing process, and get comfortable beforehand with the things that might happen. She was available through text with answers and advice to any questions or concerns I may have. I loved her so much that I invited her to our month after baby party. My partner really appreciated her help as well when it came to calming me down, and getting me through the labor. All in all I would say, Janée did not dissappoint and I owe her tremendously for making this experience such a breeze and joy for my partner, our baby, and myself. I would say more but they only allow 2,000 characters. Thank you Janée <3. 