DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
4 TESTIMONIALS

Jennifer Darwin

Golden Gate Doula Associates

San Francisco, CA  Service range 25 miles

2143925310

https://www.goldengatedoula.com/

Birth Fee

$2850 to $3750

Postpartum Rate

$70 to $85

CONTACT JENNIFER VIEW JENNIFER'S AVAILABILITY

Hanna Kelman1/19/2023I cannot recommend Jennifer enough as a birth doula. From our first meeting, she made my partner and I feel comfortable and supported in our birthing choices. During labor, she was a constant source of encouragement and reassurance. Her knowledge and experience were invaluable in helping us navigate a successful and empowering birth experience. She truly went above and beyond for us and we are forever grateful. 5 stars!


Cadenza Wang11/10/2022Doula Jen is amazing!! I’m so grateful we had the opportunity to go through our second pregnancy and childbirth with her by our side.From our first meeting I felt at ease by Jen’s calm presence and vast experience as both a doula and a nurse. (Coincidentally we learned Jen was a birth doula twice with our neighbors’ kids, and they assured us of their own positive experience.) My pregnancy took several unexpected twists and turns, and along the way there was no question too big or small for Jen, who’d patiently educate and encourage us to make our own informed decisions. A notable facet of my pregnancy was our baby's breech position the last month and half, when my husband and I decided to try turning him head-down through what felt like every method available. Jen provided vital support in this often stressful last stretch of pregnancy with recommendations, checkins, and referrals within the GGD community who could help (including a wonderful acupuncturist and chiropractor group). We went in twice for external cephaliac versions (ECVs)–intensive attempts to turn baby that I felt better prepped for thanks to her guidance. She was even present for one of the procedures, during which I opted in to more intensive options I otherwise would have forgone in hopes of higher chance of success. Ultimately our little guy stayed in breech and we determined a planned C-section was safest. I was super nervous going into the surgery, and Jen helped us stay as grounded as possible by her comfort techniques, encouragement, and doses of humor at just the right moments. Her background as a UCSF pediatric nurse was especially beneficial to us as I gave birth to our son at UCSF Mission Bay, where Jen worked seamlessly with their systems and staff.I can't imagine our baby arriving as smoothly or free of complication as he did without Jen's expertise and magic touch. She's one of a kind, and we loved working with her!!


Genève10/27/2022Jennifer was a phenomenal doula for the birth of both of our children. She supported me and facilitated my care through an epidural-free, midwife-only birth at both UCSF and the SF Birth Center. (So I've seen her skills at interfacing with hospital staff and the team of midwives--her experience and knowledge is second to none in this space here, but you probably already know this!) We also moved to San Francisco from the East Coast just a few weeks before giving birth to our first, and appreciated how responsive and attuned she was to my unique needs during this somewhat-stressful transfer of care. If we could have a third I would call her in a heartbeat. Thanks again for everything, Jen!


Genève Campbell9/30/2016I gave birth at UCSF and Jen was both our white glove labor "concierge" as well as my tireless advocate. As a former L&D nurse, the nurses and midwives love and respect her, and everyone on the floor wants to participate in her births. You will attract a dream team of hospital labor support, and for good reason. From working to rotate the baby from posterior to anterior during an arduous back labor, to enabling me to labor at home until nearly transition, to relieving my exhausted husband after an all-nighter, Jen did it all. I was able to have the epidural-free birth I wanted, and it was the most empowering experience of my life. If you're on the fence about getting a doula in general, or working with Jen in particular, do it. We're so, so, so glad we did.