DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
7 TESTIMONIALS

Jourdan Sales

Oakland, CA  Service range 12 miles

https://jourdansales.com/

Birth Fee

$2000

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $50

Availability Remarks: I am available for day time as well as over night care. I do charge $400/night for an 8 hour shift. I have a sliding scale for my daytime care, but not my overnights.

CONTACT JOURDAN VIEW JOURDAN'S AVAILABILITY

Naomi5/3/2023I can't even begin to imagine going through labor and delivery without Jourdan. I knew I wanted a doula since first time labors are often longer. Of course, my labor ended up being fast, but that made me even more glad we had Jourdan, because things moved so quickly and felt so overwhelming that it was only due to their grounding presence and guidance that I was able to manage as well as I did. Our early meetings were so helpful and they are so friendly and warm that it was a pleasure talking with them, and they have such good knowledge but also are able to customize it for the couple.For the day of, Jourdan came to our house after my contractions got intense enough that my husband and I were having a hard time managing them together, and thanks to their guidance and support, I was able to labor at home for several more hours. Although the sensations were pretty overwhelming, they did an amazing job of keeping me grounded and getting me to control my breathing during contractions. In between contractions, they encouraged me to take sips of water, fanned me off, kept my hair tied up, and so much more. When it was time to go to the hospital, they helped me get dressed, get my shoes on, and walk me out to the car in between contractions. They were just as helpful once we were in the hospital, suggesting position changes and coaching me through different breathing patterns as needed. Once I had a nitrous mask over my face, they would ask yes/no questions that I could nod or shake my head to and supported me accordingly. Once our baby was out, they took the most amazing pictures (one of our friends asked if they were staged), and made sure we were set before heading out. After they headed out, my husband and I looked at each other and agreed hiring them was the best money we had ever spent in our lives. I seriously cannot imagine how it would have gone without them; Jourdan was absolutely essential in helping us have a very smooth labor and delivery.


Callie Silverman1/18/2023Hiring Jourdan as a postpartum nighttime doula was easily the best postpartum decision my partner and I have made. I’m not sure how we would have survived our first month without them, so much that we ended up extending an extra month.  Jourdan allowed us to not only get sleep, but to wake up not worrying about baby laundry or bottle washing - they even helped organize our nursery, diaper bag, and breastfeeding cart! Jourdan worked with us through breastfeeding and bottle feeding, giving us great insight and tips along the way. Our little one went from fussy and not sleeping longer than a 30min stretch to getting 4 hour stretches of sleep in nightly. Jourdan was a pleasure to interact with, and cared for our home, animals, and newborn like their own. They are trustworthy, flexible, punctual, and extremely communicative - the best sleep hack out there!


Gabrielle Wilkerson5/31/2022Jourdan joined us four days post partum and stayed with us for four months. They looked after our newborn during the nights for 4-5 nights per week and made the transition to parenthood incredibly smooth. We trusted Jourdan entirely and are so grateful for their care. Jourdan helped us get into a solid eating and sleeping schedule and our daughter was sleeping through the night by 10 weeks. Jourdan is such a natural with babies and is still, to this day, one of the only people we trust with our daughter. Beyond how great Jourdan is with babies, they have a wonderful and easy going presence that really calmed me in those early pp days. Jourdan made great recommendations and was never overbearing with them. In addition, Jourdan was a welcome presence in our house --they are empathetic, thoughtful and considerate. We would highly recommend Jourdan and would be happy to talk on the phone about our experiences if you have any questions! 


Trent12/20/2021I feel that my partner and I hiring Jourdan to assist with our son's birth was the best decision we've made so far in the adventure that is parenting. Our labor and delivery turned out to be long and very stressful. Having Jourdan there to support us was an absolute blessing. Her expertise, skill level and compassion were amazing and far surpassed all of our expectations. Jourdan is a pro with labor discomfort mitigation and was there to help my son's mother every step of the way physically and emotionally. From my perspective, having her there for support was priceless and I can say with 100% certainty that she will be there for our next child's birth when that time comes.


Brittany7/20/2021Jourdan was instrumental in the birth of my daughter in October 2016. My partner and I had a taken the birth classes but all of that was hard to remember during my exhausting 62 hour labor. Jourdan was the perfect support for us, meeting us where we needed to be supported. Whether it was massage, reminding my partner how he could help, coaching around breathing, help with nausea, or anything else we could need. I don't know how I would've gotten through it without Jourdan. My midwife was so impressed she asked for Jourdan's contact info at our first post partum meeting. If you are looking for someone who has a knack for being exactly what you need at any moment, look no further.


Rachel7/16/2021Jourdan is amazing! We've primarily worked with Jourdan as a postpartum doula doing night shifts. Jourdan has been unbelievably awesome. They have been such a calm, comforting presence, they're an extremely skilled communicator, and have taken really good care of our baby at night so that we can get some sleep. They're very skilled in newborn care and are responsible and professional. They always show up on time and go above and beyond. We are so grateful to them and the ways they've helped our family in this huge time of transition. Can't recommend them highly enough! 


Zoe7/14/2021I cannot recommend Jourdan highly enough! We worked with her for the birth of my son in March 2020. We did two pre-meetings that were really useful in terms of learning some pain management tips for early labor and getting lots of questions answered ahead of time. During labor, Jourdan made sure i was as comfortable as possible in ways I could never have anticipated -- like when i unexpectedly felt nauseous, there she was waving peppermint oil over my face, and poof! the nausea was gone. After birth she took wonderful photos and made sure we had everything we needed. She was a lovely presence in the hospital with us -- even the nurses kept telling me she was awesome. Thank you Jourdan!