DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
4 TESTIMONIALS

Karen Sykes

CaliSis Doulas

Riverside, CA  Service range 35 miles  None

https://calisisdoulas.com

Birth Fee

$675 to $1500

Postpartum Rate

$65 to $100

Black Doula

CONTACT KAREN VIEW KAREN 'S AVAILABILITY

Damonique3/7/2023I've always wanted a Doula and I didn't know how to go about finding one. Well I was referred by my doctor to Sankofa when they paired me with Karen. She definitely was attentive to my needs, she gave resources, she advocated for me when I gave birth, she was everything I imagined a Doula could be. I wish I had known about her sooner because she was just overall GREAT. If I ever was to get pregnant again I would love to have her apart of my journey!! Even though she was my doula I feel like I gained a long time friend. Thank you so much Karen and I appreciate all that you do and everything you did for my family. 


Nalah Morrow3/3/2023Where do I even begin, Karen was absolutely amazing! Her beautiful spirit, calming demeanor, and knowledge was unmatched. Karen was my doula for my second pregnancy. With my first, I didn't have a doula because I didn't know at time what a doula was. But by the time I was pregnant with my second daughter a little over two years later,  my role as a Midwifery Student made me very aware of how essential and beneficial having a doula just was. The moment I spoke with Karen, I immediately felt comfortable with her which is not a easy feat! Her motherly wisdom and Christian faith prospectives was EXACTLY what I needed to get through my pregnancy, birth, and postpartum recovery. With my first baby I was unable to remain confident and release my fear of pushing unmedicated so I elected to get an epidural at 9 cm dilated. With Karen I told her my goal of going completely unmedicated and remaining home as long as possible and that's exactly what I did! We went over my fears and anxieties of the pushing stage (that ring of fire) and worked through it during my pregnancy and once I was in labor! I was able to release and have my baby girl the way I wanted. Feeling empowered, being heard, feeling respected, and completely unmedicated! I firmly believe I wouldn't have been able to achieve my goals without Karen's kind, loving, and motivating words, her touch which felt like MAGIC, and her knowledge for understanding where my baby was at in my body to help her descend faster. My family was and still is truly blessed to have had Karen in our lives and I would 100% use her again for my next baby!   


Ela A2/27/2023She is very professional, well educated, and informed on all birthing questions. My husband and I both felt really connected with her, as she held our hand each step of the way. During Labour and delivery, she was my advocate and a huge help as she kept reassuring my all through the process.Through this experience, Karen went from a doula to becoming our friend, and now as a new mom, I can still connect with her to ask questions. Karen is a super amazing doula, I'll highly recommend her to anyone in need of doula services. 


Nasasha Gordon2/27/2023Karen was nothing short of amazing! In the short time I've known her I felt as though she became apart of the family. She made not only my labor and delivery more tolerable, relaxing and gave a feeling of safely. But she was always there readily to give advice and information while I was pregnant. She respected all of my wishes and families wishes. While in labor I felt as though I was in the right state of mind because of her breathing exercises and her coaching throughout the birthing process. Not only did she make pregnancy, labor and delivery a good experience. She also brought and made  me healthy meals and gave me nutritional advice. I can go on forever about what a great person she is. But anyone that receives her services will be bless through them.