DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
4 TESTIMONIALS

Karen Fields

A Special Delivery Doula Services

Aliso Viejo, CA  Service range 40 miles

9492926754

http://aspecialdeliverydoulaservices.com

Birth Fee

$1300 to $1800

CONTACT KAREN VIEW KAREN'S AVAILABILITY

Christen5/12/2023Karen is the calming force that supported me and my husband through the births of both our daughters. In 2020, amidst COVID chaos, I was pregnant with my first child and looking for a natural birth. We interviewed Karen and were immediately comforted by her extensive experience and approach to support. It was clear she would provide "whatever we needed" whether that was active guidance and encouragement or a more hands-off approach. Seeing as I didn't know what I'd need, I wanted someone who could be flexible and change with me in the moment and Karen provided that. Her help came even before the birth date, providing simple, clear preparation guidance like what to bring to the hospital, and what to have on hand for baby, breastfeeding, and my own physical recovery for the first few weeks post birth. This was almost just as valuable as her day-of support. When my labor started, Karen was immediately responsive, encouraging me to eat, rest, and check in as frequently as I needed until I was ready for her to come to our house. I had complete back labor and she massaged and provided counter pressure to relieve the pain for nearly four hours while my contractions increased. Karen suggested we go to the hospital when things had progressed enough and joined us there. She was willing to help in every way - move the car, grab my husband a bite to eat or coffee. She was also well known and loved by the midwives at Hoag Irvine, where I delivered, giving me even more confidence in my overall support team. My first birth was truly magical and Karen was a big part of this, so much so that we sought her out for our second child and again she helped us navigate a slightly more intense labor (kiddo was sunny side up). Beyond the day-of support, Karen was also always available (and still is) when I messaged her with any questions or seeking resources. I adore her and if we go for number three, Karen will be there! 


Heather Patel4/8/2023We loved Karen! We only got to use her for our 2nd baby as covid had ruined our opportunity to have a doula bedside for our 1st babe. She was always easy to talk to, encouraging, and only a text message away. She is really transitioned me into the active phase of labor through her special power: massage! My ideal plans and  wishes for delivery didn't go as I had hoped because of my medical condition at the time of delivery, but Karen really did a nice job making some adjustments and getting things as close to what I had envisioned. Wish we were having more babies so we could experience childbirth with Karen again! 


Morgan Presson Kasulis3/27/2023I am a first time mom and had my daughter almost 8 months ago! I can confidently say working with Karen was THE BEST decision we made.  I was absolutely terrified to give birth, there is so much out of your control but having an advocate and expert like Karen Fields made me feel so good about all of my decisions and allowed me to understand the process and know my options each step of the way. We chose to give birth at a hospital. I had a relatively straight forward birth however having Karen's support and guidance was invaluable and I truly believe the amazing outcome was a testament to her expertise.  She talked me through everything all of my fears, the birth plan, questions I had about hospitals, there was nothing I couldn't talk to her about.  Karen's energy, widsom and kindness is something I will always treasure and will not have another baby without her by my side!I didn't want a doula that would be a "hassle" to the hospital staff where they would judge me as being "difficult". Karen is a true professional that works alongside the nurses/staff while still making sure her client's needs are being met. She is also amazing with helping the husbands/partners feel involved/included and a part of a very unknown process.  I never thought I would imagine giving birth as an enjoyable experience but it truly was the most empowering magical experience I could have ever dreamed of.  I cannot thank Karen enough for what a wonderful doula and person she is!  


Kendra Weaver3/27/2023Karen is the most amazing, thoughtful and loving person to have by your side at the birth of your child. As I had never given birth before, I had no idea what to expect. I was anxious and nervous, but ultimately at ease knowing that Karen would be with me. She was such a calming presence in the delivery room and helped coach me through every push until our son was in my arms. Since giving birth 6 months ago, she has become like family to us. We will undoubetdly have her at our next birth. Run, don't walk, to make Karen part of your birth team! 