DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
4 TESTIMONIALS

Karrie Hansen

Karrie Hansen Birth Services

Manteca, CA  Service range 55 miles

2099157792

https://www.karriehansen.com

Birth Fee

$800 to $1200

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $50

CONTACT KARRIE VIEW KARRIE'S AVAILABILITY

Carrie & Jonathan Hirschberg1/25/2023This last year my husband and I had our first baby, and hired our first night time doula, Karrie Hansen, which ended up being a wonderful experience. Karrie worked for us for three months, four nights a week. She was not only very resourceful, but very dependable, knowledgeable, understanding, a great listener, communicator, and fit into her role as doula very naturally. As a foster parent and a mother of four kids of different ages and personalities herself, not only was she very helpful to us as a doula based on her own experiences, but she never missed a day working with us, and always arrived on time. She adapted very well to our baby girl and her needs, as well as my own being a first time mother with some chronic illnesses. I never once felt judged by her. Having had a history of depression, she helped me prepare ahead of time and through my postpartum journey very smoothly, which I in fact surprisingly did very well in the end! Karrie was also wonderful in offering to pick up any baby essentials and other things we needed before starting her shift, which we really appreciated. Lastly, she is one of the few fully vaccinated doulas that we know of where we live, and we can't stress the importance of that enough when working with a newborn! We were sad to say goodbye when the three months were up, because she had provided such excellent care to our family of three. If we are to expand our family in the future, no doubt we will hire her back. 


Sara4/5/2020Karrie was a great emotional and physical support to me during my labor and somewhat-complicated delivery of our third child. She was with my every (literal) step of the way, into the late hours of the night and early morning as I labored. She guided me in trying a variety of movement and positions to change the position of the baby. Her calm prescense and stength provided encouragment and comfort. She rejoiced with us when our baby was finally born! She checked in on us when our baby was just a few days old, as we were adjusting to our "new normal". Her support during this time was invaluable! I highly recommend Karrie as a doula!


Shari4/5/2020Karrie offered great support during the birth of my third little.


Missy Elmore4/5/2020At our initial interview, I felt so comfortable with Karrie. She is assuring, knowledgeable, and confident. She is down to earth, making it feel so natural in conversation. She had great resources to go over and a birth plan to help us prep. When I realized I was in labor, I texted her and she responded right away. She was supportive and encouraging via text by helping me track my contractions and giving me relaxation techniques. It was so helpful to have a sound mind to communicate with while being in such pain and stress. Once I decided I needed her with me at my home, she was able to come in a very timely manner. She was ready with some good pressure techniques to take some of the edge off. This helped immensely! Once at the hospital, she was able to advocate for me, support my husband, and encourage me through the process. I loved having Karrie with us through the process! She was comforting, supportive, and gave me a good nudge when I needed it. I would highly recommend her to any expectant mother!