DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
4 TESTIMONIALS

Katie Hallum

Tharreo Birth

Anaheim, CA  Service range 30 miles

6579990874

https://www.tharreobirth.com/

Birth Fee

$1250 to $3500

Postpartum Rate

$80 to $90

Availability Remarks: I usually only accept 1 virtual birth client and 1 in person birth client per month so that I can focus on the families I am working with for that month.

CONTACT KATIE VIEW KATIE'S AVAILABILITY

Veronica Diaz8/25/2022My friend had recommended me originally to Nicolle from  Mind body baby Oc .I was about 2 weeks from my due date and needed some virtual classes ASAP. I am a first time mom and had no clue what i was in for . My friends would share there opinions but hubby and I wanted professional help. Nicolle referred  me to Katie Hallum who was  offering 1:1 virtual birth classes, with varying package options depending on what I was are looking for. Katie responded quickly and gave me many options.  I quickly booked sessions with her . Katie was amazing and so helpful. She went over what to expect during labor ,we did some exercises with hubby .She answered any questions or concerns we had. She was flexible with our busy schedules. She made me feel comfortable and more relaxed and relieved! Hubby was even participating which was surprising .When I went Into labor Hubby and I were able to use all the techniques that Katie had went through with us. It was as if katie was there with us guiding us through. It was definitely an experience we won't forget and can't thank Katie enough for helping us through this journey. We definitely couldn't do it with out her :)If I didn't live so far I would have probably considered using Katie her for after my birth! That was another challenge on its own.Im now 3 months in and about to go back to work .Katie thank you soooo much ??  You are the best!


Lauren & Dave8/18/2022Katie was the doula of our dreams!  As first time parents we were nervous about the unknowns but having Katie by our side made us feel ready to tackle anything.  Her demeanor throughout the entire process was reassuring, calming and filled with warmth.  Not only did she provide us with the practical guidance we needed, she also made us feel supported in our choices along the way.  Thanks to Katie's help, I was able to proceed with my preference for an unmedicated birth and my husband felt confident in his abilty to support me throughout.  She was the perfect addition to our birthing experience and we cannot recommend her highly enough.


Samantha Dino8/10/2022Katie was magnificent. The perfect combination of educational, supportive, nurturing, and friendly. It felt like having the best friend in the room when I was delivering my son and the best educated and nurturing support before and after. I can't say enough good things about Katie. She is warm, honest, reliable, smart, kind, generous, available, and responsive. She was the perfect match for our family and I could not be more grateful for having met her and had the opportunity to invest in her services. 


Katie K.1/29/2022We were so so blessed to be able to work with Katie as our doula for our second pregnancy. We didn’t use a doula the first time around and I didn’t know what I was missing! Katie is a truly gifted and knowledgeable doula! She has an obvious love for the work that she does in guiding moms and partners through pregnancy, labor, and delivery, and it shines through in your every interaction with her. And she really knows what she’s talking about - all of the information she presents is evidence-based, with the best interests of mamas and babies at heart! Not only did she thoroughly walk us through labor and delivery options and coping techniques, but she encouraged us to think through the mental and emotional aspects of labor as well, which was so valuable and totally missing from our hospital prep classes the first time around. We had a preterm labor scare with this pregnancy that landed me in the hospital for two days and when we called Katie, she was able to provide lots of info on what to expect in the hospital and she also followed up with me several times in the days following to check in - this extra care was so needed and so appreciated! She was super flexible in working with our schedules and doing our pre-birth sessions digitally, and was also readily available to answer questions and send resources outside of our scheduled sessions.  