DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
42 TESTIMONIALS

Keelia Alder

Full-Spectrum Doula

Emeryville, CA  Service range 10 miles

978-413-8055

http://doulakeelia.com

Birth Fee

Not specified

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

CONTACT KEELIA VIEW KEELIA'S AVAILABILITY


                                
                                    Steve
                                    1/4/2023
                                
                                
                                    Keelia is amazing! We wish we had her help for all three of our boys. Having her come during the first days and weeks after our third boy was born gave us peace, encouragement, and support. She made a very busy and stressful time much more manageable. Her knowledge and skills are extensive, and she matches that with a calm, confident, and cheerful demeanor. She was ready to help with any task and took initiative when we didn't have something specific for her to do.
I can't reccommend Keelia highly enough!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Audrey C
                                    1/3/2023
                                
                                
                                    Although I had two kids prior to Keelia helping me, breastfeeding and postpartum was difficult with both of them and I knew I wanted extra support after the third kid came. She more than exceeded my expectations. Even before I gave birth, she gave me tips on how to advocate for myself with lactation consultants in the hospital, asked what my past experience was with breastfeeding and why it was difficult, sent breastfeeding videos and shared tips, and asked what I wanted help with after delivery. The day I came home from the hospital, she came over and helped me latch my baby on better as well as figure out more comfortable positioning because I had residual pregnancy carpal tunnel, which made certain positions hard to maintain. She had practical and effective tips regarding engorgement as well as how to help my toddler be in the room with me but not in the way of nursing the baby. She was very responsive to all of my questions. Within a week or two, breastfeeding was pain free and had gone so much better than with my other two kids. I gained confidence I had no idea would be possible that early, which led to better mental health than with the two previous postpartum seasons. And to top it all off, she was so lovely to talk to, I really enjoyed our times together. I tell all of my friends that hiring a postpartum doula was life changing and if I could, it would be my go-to baby shower gift to pregnant friends. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Maggie
                                    12/17/2020
                                
                                
                                    Keelia supported us through the particularly challenging experience of becoming parents during a global pandemic, and we did a combo of virtual and in-person support. We connected with her over shared aspects of our upbringings, and her commitment to birth justice, and felt like she was part of the family from the beginning. Keelia has a warmth and client-centeredness that made us feel truly seen and held during the pregnancy and postpartum chapters. She is well versed in evidence based pregnancy/birthing practices and helped us navigate how we feel about different interventions. She played the invaluable role of chief communicator during our labor, updating our family and friends so we could stay focused on the birth process. She is a baby expert and having her on call for any baby questions was a game changer. People often commented that we seemed too calm and collected to be first time parents of a newborn, and that was mostly due to having Keelia by our side. She is an absolute gem and we are so grateful to have found her.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Aileen
                                    4/9/2020
                                
                                
                                    I'm grateful we found Keelia. From the moment I met her, I immediately felt at ease in her warm, reassuring, and authentic presence. In the months before birth, Keelia shared a treasure trove of knowledge, evidence-based resources, and experience. She provided judgment-free support, and her approach aligned with our family's values of equity and justice. Keelia walked my husband and I through different labor and delivery scenarios, coached him in comforting techniques, and was available by text and phone to answer questions.
Keelia was a gentle and strong advocate, helping us to understand our available choices. After a long night of contractions, I remember spending hours that morning resting under the warm shower. Keelia arrived, providing gentle conversation and quiet presence as needed. When it was go time, she had shared the pro tip of wearing an eye mask to stay centered (so helpful!). Keelia was there all throughout a long and slow labor - helping me reconnect my breathe and inner strength, with reminders to rest between contractions, hydrating, snacking, weaving in and out of support roles with my partner, all in the slow lead up to delivery. In the thick of labor, it is impossible to imagine documenting the experience (or basically anything else, really). It was a treasure to have Keelia's notes and recollections. In the days and weeks after, these helped my partner and I reconnect to the birth story and stitch together our memories of a life transforming experience. I truly felt that having birth experience held in this way helped set me on a stronger course as a new mother.
I write knowing this era of physical distancing has changed reality in so many ways - including for birth and postpartum. While I can only speak from my own experience, I can imagine that Keelia's strengths as a doula could translate to other formats. Keelia is forever planted in our hearts. We highly recommend her!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Lilian
                                    3/24/2020
                                
                                
                                    Keelia was my doula for the birth of my son Jack and I am so glad we found her. She has a warm, calming and steady energy about her that was so comforting during my labour which was long and rather difficult. She’s so easy to talk to; I fondly remember chatting with her about video games and other random nonsense during the hours of waiting. She also gave really practical and helpful advice when I was diagnosed with preeclampsia during a routine doctor’s appointment and we had to go to the hospital quickly. During the prenatal stage, Keelia gave us thoughtfully selected recommendations/resources and info that fit with what we needed and which fit with our philosophy/lifestyle. I think the most special and unique thing about Keelia is that she really listens to you and takes in what you care about and what you want from your birth. And if you don’t know yet (as was the case with me), she gently helps you figure it out, but on your own terms. Last but not least, she has magical hands and gives the BEST massages, seriously. :) 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Rada
                                    3/2/2020
                                
                                
                                    Keelia was our postpartum doula for a few weeks and she was fantastic. Super kind, warm, and calming. She's also hilarious so it's an added bonus for tough days. She was very attentive to our daughter and I would gladly hire her again. Highly recommend! 
                                
                            



                                
                                    sonia
                                    10/8/2019
                                
                                
                                    From the moment I reached out to Keelia, I knew she’d be the right doula for us. She exudes warmth and care, which you can sense even on the phone. A midwife friend of ours told us to be sure to choose a doula around whom you could be completely naked (obviously) and with whom you could be comfortable in the bathroom etc. and I knew immediately that I could be that comfortable with Keelia because she is so gentle, earnest, and nonjudgmental.
Pre-birth, she walked through the kinds of pain mitigation techniques available and pros and cons etc. She taught us strategies for dealing with early labor and gave us a good sense of what to expect. We felt much more prepared as a result.
During early labor Keelia was absolutely vital because she was an incredible advocate for us: she made sure we understood what our options were, made space for us to make decisions with or without her advice, and advocated for me when one of our nurses insisted on me lying in bed during contractions. She helped me through the pain of contractions by reminding us of the techniques we had practiced and stepping in to relieve my partner. 
During the last stage of labor she gave me and my partner confidence that we could get through it and helped me understand what was transpiring (I couldn’t see and had had an epidural). She painstakingly documented our whole experience and sent me her notes afterwards, which I return to frequently because it is all a blur to me now. Lastly, she took beautiful photos right after our baby was delivered, which have also helped us cherish and remember the experience.
Post birth Keelia has also been a blessing: she checks in regularly to see how we’re doing and recommended an amazing lactation consultant.
We are beyond grateful for Keelia and we highly recommend her. By the end of our experience she felt like part of our family and I am sure you’ll feel the same!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Miyuki Baker
                                    8/12/2019
                                
                                
                                    Keelia is one of the most supportive people I’ve ever met. The world is lucky that she decided when she was a kid that she wanted to be a birth worker when she grew up. And I feel blessed to have had her as my doula for my very first birth, which I had at home.
There are many things I could share of how specifically Keelia was a great doula, I’ll just share three of my favorites.
1. During my labor, I had my eyes closed for 95% of it and yet I knew I was fully supported, Keelia was right behind me at every moment for every contraction ready to press my hips or my lower back, which alleviated so much of the pain! 2. After the birth I recall seeing Keelia typing into her phone, to which she shared that she was taking notes about the birth. I so appreciated getting to hear her recollection of the birth a couple of weeks later and receiving those notes! 3. Finally, I remember when breast-feeding was feeling so impossibly painful and I texted her, she responded with a long and beautiful paragraph of why I was doing so great and that my baby would appreciate me for all that I was already doing for them.
Basically she’s the best cheerleader you could hire in my opinion, And I’m forever grateful that she was on my birth team and a part of me and my baby’s first few months of life together (and many years to come I hope).
Thank you so much!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Denise Chin
                                    5/22/2019
                                
                                
                                    After my initial interview call with Keelia, I felt an instant connection and knew she was the right fit for us. She has a very reassuring and calm presence, which I couldn't find in the other doulas we interviewed.
During my pregnancy, Keelia was available via text/calls to address any questions that arose and responded right away with her advice and support. I knew I could reach out to her for anything at all. When my grandfather passed and I was concerned about my grief during the pregnancy, she helped my calm down with one quick phone call.
During my labor process, she was truly amazing.  I wasn't able to communicate much during my active labor contractions but it seemed as if Keelia knew exactly what I needed. In terms of pain management, I was able to reach 9cm in dilation with Keelia's massage techniques alone. In retrospect, I would have had a much more difficult labor experience without Keelia's constant words of encouragement and support throughout every step of my labor process. Keelia truly embodies everything you would want in a Doula and I highly recommend her.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Tiana
                                    4/17/2019
                                
                                
                                    KEELIA IS A MUST!I first heard the word doula when my wife asked me if I wanted additional support for my birthing experience. I was apprehensive at first, but meeting and working with KEELIA before and after my birth experience made me realize that her support WAS A MUST!I interviewed a few doulas, but Keelia really stood out with her knowledge about the prenatal and postpartum process but more importantly her compassion, calm presence, and support. She gave me the confidence and loving guidance I needed especially during my long complicated three-day labor. She was committed to giving me the birth experience I wanted without judgment, and I was able to count on her during the tough times. Keelia is very professional doula yet amazingly kind, knowledgeable, gentle, present, and approachable doula and has no agenda but to be there for you through your process. I have already recommended her to my friends who are pregnant and will continue to recommend her in the future. Thank you Keelia!
                                
                            



                                
                                    sandi 
                                    4/16/2019
                                
                                
                                    Upon meeting Keelia, we quickly felt her warmth and authenticity. We also especially loved that Keelia is a strong advocate for birth justice. As educators committed to diversity, equity and inclusion work, her values were very much aligned with ours.
The night before the big day, Keelia coincidentally came over for our first prenatal visit to go over our birth plan. Early the next morning, my water broke and I called her frantically as our baby wasn't due for another five weeks! She calmly let me know to head towards the hospital when I felt ready that morning. Since we wanted to try for an unmedicated birth, Keelia prepared us on how to gently and firmly advocate for our needs, as she knew the doctors would insist on inducing me. When we got to triage, the ob gyn (as expected) did aggressively push induction. With Keelia's support over phone and text, we were able to negotiate for more time to let my contractions start naturally.
Once we got to the labor and delivery room, Keelia arrived shortly after, calm and steady as can be. Since we had not had our second prenatal meeting at the house, she gave my husband and me a crash course in what to expect and showed us massage techniques and positions to consider. Before leaving, she helped set up my room with candles and an oil diffuser (with oils she brought from her own collection)!
Soon after she left though, my contractions kicked in and gradually became stronger over a few hours. We did what we could on our own and when it felt like I needed Keelia, my husband called her and she arrived quickly. She coached me through the toughest parts, giving me positive affirmations, massaging my back, and feeding me ice cubes. With her coaching, I was able to have the beautiful natural hospital birth that I had planned for.
We are so grateful that we found Keelia and absolutely love that we will always think of her when we think of our son's birth. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Lauren O’Brien
                                    4/4/2019
                                
                                
                                    I can’t say enough wonderful things about Keelia. We hired her for nighttime support shortly after the birth of our daughter, as we were terribly sleep deprived. We were anxious about finding someone whom we felt comfortable with, and as soon as we met Keelia, we felt completely at ease. She has a warm and calming presence, is thoughtful and extremely easy to talk to, answers our many questions and provides advice (both while she’s here and over text), and most importantly, is wonderful with our daughter who seems to love her. She has helped us maintain our sanity during these first chaotic months - not just by allowing us to get the sleep we desperately need, but by also helping around the house with those things that never seem to get done with a new baby(doing laundry and washing bottles and dishes). My husband and I often joke that we feel like Keelia is part of our family - that’s how much we love her. We feel so lucky to have found her and trust her implicitly with our daughter. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Avital Schlesinger
                                    3/3/2019
                                
                                
                                    Having Keelia at the birth of our son was the best decision we made!
We chose to have a doula at our birth because of my desire to have an unmedicated birth and some anxiety about a hospital birth. Having Keelia be present for us before, during and after our birth such a gift. As soon as we spoke on the phone I knew she would be a good fit. She was warm, genuine, and reassuring. Having her in our home for our pre-birth meetings was comfortable and really helped put me at ease about having a “stranger” at our birth as well as our decision to birth at the hospital. Keelia asked thoughtful questions and offered her expertise. Given that this was second birth Keelia helped us process the first birth and we talked about how things might be similar or different.
My labor was short and intense and Keelia helped guide both me and my husband every step of the way. She was a calm, experienced presence for my husband (when do we go to the hospital? Etc.) and a great comfort for me. In moments when I didn’t think I could go on Keelia gave me the reassurance I needed to have the unmedicated birth that I wanted. There was one particular moment when I was feeling like I was out of options and the nursing staff was buzzing around. I was incredibly overwhelmed and didn't think I was going to be able to continue to be medication free. Keelia connected with me though the intense contractions, reassured me and helped me to keep going. Our little one was born soon after. She was wonderful!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Sarah Golden
                                    2/8/2019
                                
                                
                                    Where to even begin?
My partner and I interviewed several doulas, each time liking who we had met, but never quite finding the person we really "clicked" with to help us in our journey to parenthood. That is, until Keelia walked into our home. Her aura, presence, demeanor, whatever you want to call it is immediately and palpably calming. In the same way a puppy makes you smile without even thinking about it, Keelia's proximity is instantly calming. She's like a walking cup of chamomile tea.
The moment the door closed behind her after our initial meeting, my partner and I literally looked at each other, gave each other an affirmative single head nod and a "yup." We knew instantly she would be the person to support us through our experience with labor and childbirth.
Keelia is so incredibly kind and knowledgeable. She provided fantastic resources leading up to our due date, and once the day arrived she was on it answering my questions and addressing concerns even during my labor.
She attended our baby shower (!!!) and it was fantastic to have her there and to meet the rest of my birth team (including my sister and mom), so when the day arrived she already had built relationships with them. It made the L&D room chatter and conversation flow easily.
Keelia has become a friend and an invaluable part of our life, and if you are fortunate enough to partner with her on your journey, I can promise you that you will be in the very best hands with Keelia. She was born for birth work and it is so wonderful to be supported by someone who is passionate about and truly loves what they do.
We love you, Keelia!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Kat Sung Hsieh
                                    1/16/2019
                                
                                
                                    Let me just start off by saying that i wouldn't have been able to do it without keelia by my side during my labor. At my first home birth, i didnt think I needed a doula because both my husband and i thought he could do it. After all, we trained for it at our birthing class, right? Turns out we were wrong - as much as i love my husband, we both felt like i needed a maternal person by my side this second time around who knew how to massage, encourage, and support me. Keelia really has the gift of nurturing and i felt like she was always genuine when encouraging me with her words when had moments of doubt or fear during labor, especially during the transition period. I honestly felt like my labor would have been longer as well if keelia wasn't there to suggest certain positions that would speed up the labor. She was basically my advocate and was the only person who was able to care about my physical needs and comfort (my wonderful midwife was busy making sure baby and I were well and healthy and husband was dealing with logistics). Before the labor we had two meetings and practiced positions as well as discussing what type of support I'd like her to be so when labor comes around, she'd know exactly how to help me and avoided things that would stress me out like talking over me (the last doula i interviewed had that tendency). Keelia in person is a really sweet and you can tell she genuinely loves helping mothers in this way. I think it's because she has a big heart. i remember her saying that if she could take some contractions for me, she would and i believe she would :). She is also able to be diplomatic, works well with different personalities, and has an amazing ability to stay calm no matter the circumstances. I definitely recommend Keelia as your doula because she will have your best interest at heart.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Sasha St. Denny
                                    1/15/2019
                                
                                
                                    Keelia is THE BEST. From the moment she came in to our home I knew that she was the person that I wanted to support me on my pregnancy journey. She has such a calming presence and is very knowledgeable. I had a lot of anxiety around pregnancy and giving birth. Keelia was very adept at validating my feelings and easing my fears throughout my pregnancy. She was also great at helping my husband learn how best to support me. When the big day came, I ended up having to be induced and Keelia was there to help us every step of the way. She is truly a wonderful person and incredible doula. I can't imagine going through the experience without her. ??
                                
                            



                                
                                    Heather Casteel
                                    9/28/2018
                                
                                
                                    We hired Keelia for the birth of my first child. I knew I wanted a doula because I was hoping for an unmedicated birth, but I also had some previous trauma from a late pregnancy loss and lack of extended family who would be able to help us. I really hoped to find someone who could be sensitive to those issues andfelt comfortable with Keelia straight away. I also knew I wanted someone in the delivery room with us who not only was experienced and had attended enough births to help us through the tough parts, but also somebody who could be warm and reassuring given the unique challenges our family faced. Keelia turned out to be a perfect fit for our family and I honestly feel like she was a crucial part of me being able to have the birth I’d hoped for. When things got hard, she provided constant unwavering support. Keelia’s calming presence, gentle reassurance, and help in communicating my needs with medical staff made such a difference in allowing me to stay focused. She also provided amazing support to my husband who, although he was wonderful and supportive himself, had never seen a birth before and was a little scared about being my only support through such a big challenge. One thing I didn’t know before being in labor myself was how much time you spend alone in the delivery room with no nurse or doctor around (and I had a short labor!). Without a supportive doula, I can imagine us getting scared, panicked, or overwhelmed in those longer stretches. It was so wonderful instead to be able to turn to someone and say, “How are we doing? Is this all normal? Are we laboring ok?” In the end I was able to have the unmedicated birth I wanted I think primarily because I really wasn’t afraid. Uncomfortable? Sure. Tired? Absolutely! But I was not scared. I felt safe, cared for, and confident. I would 100% recommend Keelia’s care for anyone who is looking for the same kind of emotional support through labor!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Marybeth Kellner
                                    9/11/2018
                                
                                
                                    Keelia's doula role in my daughter's delivery was excellent. 
As a healthcare professional, I was impressed with her expertise, knowledge, diplomacy and enthusiusm; she is clearly called to this special role welcoming angels into the world. Keelia had sessions both before and after delivery and was quite insightful of my daughter's wishes. I would especially recommend her in any situation that may have added complications. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Michelle Chelini
                                    8/31/2018
                                
                                
                                    Doula Keelia was present for my sons girlfriend Mia’s delivery. I had never heard of a doula prior to 8/23/18. Keelia came in while Mia was being induced and having strong contractions in early labor. Keelia was so knowledgeable on different laboring positions and so present for Mia. She answered any questions that we had. Mia and Keelia had a unique connection and I saw that Mia trusted her and felt safe with her there.As Mia began Active labor Keelia taught Mia different strategies to work through the pain. Keelia also guarded Mia’s space and made sure only positive energu entered her space. I strongly recommend Doula Keelia! We love her and want to stay in contact with her.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Leah-Jean Gibbas
                                    8/29/2018
                                
                                
                                    Keelia was a wonderful help to me in my home when I was recovering from a tailbone injury postpartum. She was gracious in helping me with housework, and knowledgeable in handling my infant son. Keelia is a kind, calm, unobtrusive and sympathetic person who made me feel respected, supported, heard and cared for. I highly recommend her postpartum doula services.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Leah-Jean Gibbas
                                    8/27/2018
                                
                                
                                    Keelia was a wonderful help to me in my home when I was recovering from a tailbone injury postpartum. She was gracious in helping me with housework, and knowledgeable in handling my infant son. Keelia is a kind, calm, unobtrusive and sympathetic person who made me feel respected, supported, heard and cared for. I highly recommend her postpartum doula services.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Natalie Joyner
                                    7/3/2018
                                
                                
                                    It was such a blessing to have Keelia as part of our birth team. As a fellow birth doula, I knew how important it was for me to find someone I trust and am completely comfortable with as my doula. Keelia and I “clicked“ immediately. She has the kindest disposition and helped me build confidence and stay positive throughout the end of my pregnancy, birth and early postpartum. I truly think of her as a friend.
Highlights of working with Keelia:

Keelia is kind, genuine and has a true passion for birth work.
She checked in with me periodically at the end of my pregnancy, always just when I needed a pick-me-up.
She helped me envision and prepare my birth plan and was completely supportive of my vision.
She arrived in time for my (extremely fast) precipitous labor! I was so happy to see her face.
She captured some truly amazing pictures of the birth and golden hour with my husband’s phone. 
She stayed with us for a few hours while we waited to transfer to the hospital. This time was filled with lots of love and laughter as we settled in establishing breastfeeding, eating snacks and taking notes of my birth story. I really cherish this time as it helped me register the incredible experience. We all seemed to remember different details, so discussing it with Keelia was a great way to capture the memory.
The postpartum visits were so helpful! My husband and I took the opportunity to take a nap together at 1 week postpartum and Keelia was so great watching Georgie and washed our dishes! She also helped me figure out my Moby wrap so I could babywear.

My experience working with Keelia could not have been better! I am so happy to have had her as part of my birth team. You are in excellent hands with Keelia!
 
 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Lauren Stern
                                    5/9/2018
                                
                                
                                    I gave birth to my daughter 3 weeks ago and I am certain that my experience with Keelia made THE difference in achieving the birth that I wanted – no pain meds and a positive, empowered experience. My biggest fears were my low pain tolerance and lack of control over knowing exactly how it would go.
Shortly before our due date, Keelia came over to review our birth plan and a timeline of what to expect for pre-labor, active labor, travel to the birth center, transition, and delivery. She made sure we practiced comfort measures, breathing and how I wanted to be supported verbally. It wasn’t until the last moments with Keelia where she looked me in the eye and said I was ready, that I actually felt prepared to go into labor and meet my daughter.
2 days later, my water broke in the middle of the night. For the next 44 hours of contractions, naps, two car rides up to the birth center, a traumatic cervical check on day one to then be sent back home, many walks around the neighborhood, yoga ball bouncing, 1 game of Monopoly, snacks, massages, and support - Keelia was at our beck and call.
By the time we got to the birth center (again) on day 2 after 36 hours, I was only at 1cm and 50% effaced. Keelia helped me calm down from exhausition and frustration at this news, and we made a plan to get misoprostol to thin my cervix but hopefully proceed with no other interventions.
Miraculously, Ava was born 7 hours later. Keelia coached me through contractions which came back to back for hours, waved lavendar oil in front of my face for nausea, massaged my back, covered the clock when she noticed it stressing me out, got me into the shower with Joe when I hit the wall of transition, and helped me breathe through pushing - 3 contractions! She reassured me every step of the way - calmly & knowing I could do it at all moments.
In this amazing doula's hands, I felt loved, safe, and supported. Thank you, Keelia.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Joe Palmieri
                                    4/26/2018
                                
                                
                                    Oh my goodness, Keelia is a godsend.
 
My partner Lauren and I (Joe) were well prepared.  We like to think we were as well prepared as any new parents in their first pregnancy could be.  We read several books, were in a few facebook groups and we devoured all we could find online.  When Lauren suggested hiring a doula I agreed, thinking that everything helps, but not expecting a big difference. After all, we studied.  We knew we'd have both of our mothers to help Lauren deliver, as well as a midwife, a nurse, ME...
 
When we met Keelia, though, I was moved.  By her love of children, her concern for Lauren, and the ease, grace, and confidence with which she spoke about the process.  She asked us all the right questions. Things I never thought to consider.  I watched Lauren listen to her in a way that she couldn't hear me, or her mother.
 
Lauren's water broke in the middle of the night.  We knew what to expect and rather than rush off to the birth center, we laid back down.  Keelia told us at our meeting that the process could take so long that we'd be grateful for any sleep we could get while we could still get it. We called to tell her later that morning and she rushed right over. She would've come at 2am had we asked sooner, I'm sure of it.
 
Ava Jeanne was born 44 hours after Lauren's water broke. It was a long and difficult process that I can't imagine without Keelia there.  Lauren had all she needed and Keelia even took care of me. At about the 40 hour mark Lauren kind of gave up. She said "C-section" out loud, which we knew was the last, last resort. Thanks to all that Keelia taught me, and her own interventions, we got Lauren through transition and Ava was born according to our original birth plan. No C-Section, no meds, not even stitches.
 
God bless Keelia, she will forever have my recommendation.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Anna Lim Franck
                                    4/16/2018
                                
                                
                                    It just so happened that with Keelia, the timing always seems to be right. She has sent us so many resources when we most needed them. We met her for the first time on a Monday night before my wife, the gestational partner, was asked to come to the birthing center Tuesday night for induced birth. Keelia has a knack for deciding when some methods should be implemented, what to do next, and when my wife should start pushing.
We feel lucky to have her as our doula for our first pregnancy. We are Deaf Queer Womxn of Color who use ASL so we looked for a POC doula who has had experience dealing with clients who use different languages. We wanted someone who knows how to handle language barriers and Keelia fits the bill. We are able to communicate through text, gestures, and interpreters. She imparts so much wisdom with regards to the birthing experience and her warmth puts us immediately at ease.
During the birthing experience, her advocacy allows us to make decisions that are right for us. Obviously we were not able to hear what the doctors and nurses were discussing and she filled us in on that in addition to her advices and weighing in on options that were available to us.We felt safe knowing she was there with us and she has our and our baby's backs.
I would definitely recommend Keelia especially if it is your first birth. She is one of the most invaluable friends you'll ever have in your birthing experience.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Freya Putt
                                    3/16/2018
                                
                                
                                    My husband and I met with several doulas trying to find someone we felt really comfortable with. Keelia is exceptionally warm and caring, as well as being calm, knowledgeable, and very supportive. This was our second child and so we felt clear about what we wanted and basics of the process, but I had a homebirth in different medical system for my first baby and so felt uncertain about dealing with a hospital setting and a different system this time around. Keelia did a great job explaining what to expect and going through different options. She also explained some aspects of the birth process that, despite going through it once, no one had ever articulated to me before, and that I found helpful when it was actually happening. Labor and birth were quick, with a supportive staff at the hospital, but we felt very reassured having Keelia's steady presence and knowing she was there if anything took an unexpected turn. She was also ready at various moments with requests that supported the environment I wanted to be in (eg, turning down the lights) and with physical support through every contraction that helped take the edge off the pain. She stayed through some complications afterward and was quick to offer follow up support and resources in the week after the birth. Keelia is a wonderful doula who obviously loves her work. We feel very lucky to have connected with her!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Manfred Elfstrom
                                    3/15/2018
                                
                                
                                    Keelia was a wonderful doula for the birth of my family's second child. My wife and I were initially drawn to her in part because of the social justice commitment that came through in her online materials. But when we met, we found Keelia to also be a wonderful person to be around--relaxed, informed, and supportive. The labor and delivery itself went very quickly. Keelia jumped in with the midwives and made sure that we had the experience we wanted at the hospital. I very strongly recommend her.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Lena Thi Phan
                                    1/6/2018
                                
                                
                                    During my pregnancy, I felt like I was being judged by everyone around me because of the choices I was making (natural birth, hypnobirth, hydrotherapy, placenta encapsulation, etc.) Keelia was wonderful because she was open to my decisions and understood my needs and my birth plan.  She was encouraging and super supportive.  She gave me the confidence I needed.  I knew then that I needed her to be with me.
Keelia kept in contact with me here and there to make sure everything was going well with my pregnancy. She gave me tons of information and great advice.  I attended the mama and me class that she suggested; my husband and I loved it.  She also gave us an extensive list of things to bring to the hospital which was really helpful for us.
On 11/15, 3 weeks before my due date, my water broke at 8:00pm.  Frantic, the first person I called was Keelia; even before my midwife.  She assured me that everything was going to be ok and that she was going to be there for me whenever I needed her.  Taking her advice, I went home and stayed home as long as I could.  I headed to the hospital the next morning at 7:00am where Keelia  met up with us n the lobby.  It was so comforting to see her face that morning.  As each contraction came, Keelia held on to me and made sure she did whatever she could to support and comfort me.  There were times when the pain was so bad, I remember looking into her eyes and telling her it hurts but she continuously gave me positive feedback which kept me going. By 10:00am, it was over and Jacoby Tran was born!  It was a life changing experience that went even better then I imagined it would have gone.  It was beautiful.  Although painful, it was everything I hoped it would be and I am glad Keelia was there with me the whole time.  She even took my phone and captured the memories.  Memories of an experience I will never ever forget.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Hilary Bent-Mullings
                                    12/5/2017
                                
                                
                                    I cannot imagine the birth of our son without the support of a doula, and Keelia was the perfect fit. Throughout my pregnancy she was readily available and a well of knowlege. During labor and the birth she was so suportive and helpful. My husband wasn't as into the idea of a doula and can be quiet, and she helped him feel comfortable and supported as well. She stayed by my side the whole time and was there with me when my husband had to leave me to go with our new son, and she was able to be there for me so I wasn't alone. She had a whole bag of helpful goodies with her as well. Her wealth of information was so helpful when I unexpectedly needed a cesarean. After we got back home, she checked in on us often and it was so nice to have after birth support.  If you are looking for a kind, compassionate doula with an outgoing and friendly personality, Keelia is the right fit for you! I'd highly recommend her and would definately use her again if we had another baby. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Emily Anderson
                                    10/16/2017
                                
                                
                                    My husband and I can not say enough wonderful things about Keelia!! She is everything we could have wanted in a doula and more. We got continued support thorughout the entire pregnancy. We found her very early on into the pregnancy and she helped with support and gathering information as we needed it. Once i got closer to the big day Keelia came over to our house and made sure we were all on the same page for the labor. We felt so calm and reassured knowing we would have Keelia with us during all of this. Once the day came Keelia was a text message away and helped us while at home till she knew it was time to go to the hospital. At the hospital Keelia made sure my husband and I got all our needs met. My husband was beyond grateful to have her there to help supprt us both. I can't imagine doing all of that wihtout her there. The post partum visits were a huge help too, allowing me to talk and us to get some rest. 
Keelia's personality and caring nature are what we love about her. She is so kind and makes your feel like you can do anything! 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Amina Davis
                                    10/15/2017
                                
                                
                                    My name is Amina , and September 29th I had my beautiful daughter!! Keelia was such an amazing person to have around during my pregnancy! I never knew what a Doula was until my midwife had recommended one for me. Keelia is such a warm hearted and genuine person. She checked up on us, any questions I had, she was always available to talk about it and when it came down to labor she was there throughout everything !  I would 100% say have a Doula and if your able to work with Keelia you are in good hands. Thinking about everything, it is so rare to come around great people. 
 
 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Joan DeGeorge
                                    10/11/2017
                                
                                
                                    I had arranged with Keelia to attend my birth knowing there was a good chance she'd be out of town once I went into labor. That was the case but Keelia was very flexible in coming up with alternative arrangements. We did quite a few postpartum hours - it was wonderful knowing I had some backup support for the months after my baby arrived. Keelia came to help with childcare, laundry, general cleanu, shopping, etc. I felt instantly comfortable with Keelia - it was like talking to a cousin or an old friend. Very pleased. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    H Wallace
                                    9/27/2017
                                
                                
                                    Keelia is a joy to have over! As a new single mother, I was having a hard time feeding myself properly so Keelia would come over and make banana muffins with me (or without me!) and it was so wonderful every time. I would be perfectly prepared for the next week or more with midnight nursing snacks. She's also been a huge help with dishes and clean up. She is an all-around supportive person to have aroud. I never felt awkward and always felt encouraged, seen, and understood--for both my messes and my victories! I highly recommend her as a support person :)
                                
                            



                                
                                    Sarah King McKeon
                                    9/13/2017
                                
                                
                                    I whole heartedly recomend Keelia. She supported myself and my husband in the amazing birth of our second child. It was absolutely amazing to have Keelia from very early in the labor process at home, and with her close, attention, love, and expertise we were able to mostly labor at home before transitioning to the hospital to deliver. I felt so supported through the joy and deep fear I encountered in labor. Keelia also beautifully supported my husband to engage in my labor with a very supportive role which brought my husband and I close together in an amazing way I could not have imagined. Keelia taught my husband ways to provide me with relief and support, and for this I will be greatful to Keelia forever. It was an beautiful way to welcome our daughter and grow to a family of 4. I highly recomend Keelia for her phenomenal support. 
                                
                            



                                
                                    Crystal Carrington
                                    9/4/2017
                                
                                
                                    Keelia is an amazing doula. Very attentive and responsive. While maintaining great professionalism, she was very nurturing and supportive. Our home visits were very detailed. She helped my husband and I feel informed and empowered. Any questions we had, she provided information or emailed us the information in a very timely fashion. During day of delivery, Keelia was an angel. I labored for 36 hours and Keelia came to our home to support us in early labor and never left our side until our son was in our arms. Keelia supported my husband by helping him remain connected to me, as well as checked in with me and providers as needed. At every step, Keelia asked providers questions she knew my husband and I would have about various interventions . Keelia helped me to remain calm and confident as my birth plan needed to go from all natural to needing pain relief. Needless to say, we would be honored to have Keelia be our doula for all our births. I recommend her highly.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Jennifer Elsenbeck
                                    8/31/2017
                                
                                
                                    Keelia was absolutely wonderful to work with.  I hired her to help pp and from our pre-meeting to our communication leading up to birth she was always warm, caring and very responsive.  Keelia also helped encapsulate my placenta and made that process very easy.  After the arrival of my daughter she helped ease the transition from having one child to twoand provided emotional support and help around the house and with the kids as I adjusted and recovered.  I highly recommend Keelia and can only imagine how wonderful she would be for a labor doula.
                                
                            



                                
                                    Lauren Lashway
                                    7/11/2017
                                
                                
                                    I’m so happy I found Keelia for my doula!! We clicked instantly over coffee during our first meet up and I knew I wanted her by my side for the delivery of my second daughter.
Keelia met my husband and I at Mount Auburn Hospital shortly after I was admitted. I went into active labor quickly after my water broke and needed additional monitoring as I was attempting a VBAC. It was our first vaginal birth attempt (my first daughter was breech) and we were trying to navigate it the best we knew how.
What I loved most about having Keelia by my side was having someone that had seen/experienced assisting many births and knew more of what was to be expected, what was normal, and was able to assure me that the steps/procedures/phases were all normal. Sure – the midwives and nurses were great but they had shifts, other patients, and most notably – hospital protocol to follow. My baby and I were Keelia’s number one priority was me and my baby. She never left my side for 15 hours during active labor, and delivery and post-delivery.
She encouraged me to stay in certain positions when she could see it was working for me. I followed her advice to allow the baby to move down on her own after I was fully dilated – this avoided hours of pushing. Keelia offered essential oils, took hundreds of pictures of the actual birth for me on my phone, and took my placenta home in her own cooler to be delivered to me a few days later at home.
Keelia is is very chill, caring, and most notably open-minded. She never had an agenda or over-whelming opinions on what was right or normal. She just kept reminding me of what I had said was important to me. She encouraged me through 6 hours of frequent, intense, and long contractions and then supported me when I wanted an epidural. She will 100% work with you to have the birth experience YOU are hoping for!
                                
                            



                                
                                    April Osheroff-Lambert
                                    6/29/2017
                                
                                
                                    We had an excellent experience with Keelia as our birth doula and I can definitely say that our birth experience would not have been what it was without her support. We had planned and hoped for a birth with minimal interventions and--after 46 hours of labor and 8 hours of full dialation and pushing--we delivered a hearty baby boy. Keelia's presence in the room and her counsel and good-nature kept us feeling empowered and focused. We were fortunate to have relatively accomodating hospital staff, but without Keelia, I am certain our birth experience would have quickly become a more typical experience and our birth plan departed from (especially given how lengthy my labor was and just how long we were in the hospital).
Through the entire 2-day labor, Keelia was there for us -- she didn't sleep and she was present in all ways the entire time. Her mental and emotional presence + her physical stamina (lots of massage and counterpressure) throughout was impressive!
It was very important for me, throughout labor and delivery, to remain active. I wanted to be on my feet, be able to move around, try different positions. I was adamant that I did not want to be on my back. At one point, during pushing the doctor did move me to my back in the bed, and with the help of my husband and Keelia, we were back up into pushing in squats after 2 pushes.
My husband and I were informed and knew what we wanted, we are also fairly effective advocates for ourselves, but I am certain that we needed not just each other but Keelia to be part of this process in order to achieve what we did in the postiive way we did. I cannot imagine the experience without her.
Lastly, Keelia's awareness and dedication to the politics of birth, and how societal pressures and power inequities impact women's reproductive health permeates her work. She is deeply thoughtful about and passionate about her work from the micro to the macro and this is an unusual find!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Zipporah Legarde
                                    6/3/2017
                                
                                
                                    Keelia was my postpartum doula, recommended to me by the wonderful Emma O'Brien (Lavandoula.com).
As a queer woman of color, it's very important to me to support other marginalized women, especially in the field of reproductive justice. Despite Boston being a diverse city, the majority of doulas are straight and white, which probably isn't much of a problem for many women who seek doula services (though the whole field of reproductive justice was built by black women, but I digress). However, as someone who lives in a queer co-operative community, I had difficulties finding a doula who was familiar with the LGBTQ scene enough to feel comfortable in my home. I live with several gender non-conforming folks, and I wanted to ensure they felt safe with the addition of someone new to the household, even if only for a brief time.
Keelia is so open and understanding; it is no surprise an experienced doula like Ms. O'Brien has selected her as an apprentice. As I understand it, Keelia is partnered with several quality doulas, with over 50 years of experience. I think her rates are very competitive, and you get someone very warm and reassuring. I developed moderate to severe PPD, and Keelia made herself available for me so I could attend an outpatient therapy program to get back on track. If you are someone struggling with PPD, don't be embarrassed to mention it when hiring her. You can even have her over while you're present just to have someone to "bottom-line" care that isn't you. My co-op is seven adults, and Keelia acquainted herself with everyone (and their pronouns) so she really felt like part of the family.
The only regret I have is that I waited so late to hire her. I tried to do it by myself for weeks before I gave in and called. Make Keelia a part of your post-birth care community and you will rest much easier!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Christian Steinau
                                    5/11/2017
                                
                                
                                    I can't imagine laboring at St. Elizabeth's with my wife over those two days in early April without the selfless and utterly dedicated support from our doula, Keelia Riegg. Even after 15 hours of birthing classes, Keelia was invaluable to me as a father-to-be throughout the labor, providing welcome comfort to both my wife and I when things were at their most challenging. Keelia was focused on helping us as we individually struggled and also as we struggled together as a couple, which is an important distinction in hindsight. She takes time with both parents, answering questions or even to joke around. Keelia's generous and kind-hearted presence made it so easy for us to trust her during a very vulnerable, challenging time for us. She was a gentle but firm advocate for us who ensured that what we got we wanted and what we needed we understood. (She is not one of those hard-edged doulas with a grudge against the medical system.) I have so many positive memories of our time laboring with Keelia and am so grateful for her needed contributions to the team effort. Holding my newborn son in my arms is an experience unlike any other in my life and I am so glad for Keelia's being there to share in our joy (and to take a ton of pictures!). Thank you so much, Keelia!! <3
                                
                            



                                
                                    Courtney Steinau
                                    5/10/2017
                                
                                
                                    Where to start when describing my experience with Keelia?! First, let me tell you I am a new mom of a baby boy. We took natural birthing classes to prepare for a medicine free birth, but felt we needed more support during the labor & delivery. We were connected with Keelia via our L&D teacher, Keelia responded to a community email that went out. 
The best way to describe my experience is through several memories that pop up when I think about delivery, memories I wouldn't have if it weren't for both my husband and Keelia. I was unexpectedly induced 2 weeks early and began contracting on a Saturday night at 2am. Water broke at about 745ish and Keelia was there by 9am. When contractions got really intense, she walked with me, held my hand and made me realize how strong and loving this once stranger was ready to be for us! This meant I could focus on finding the strength I needed to birth my first child. She coached my husband, quietly and strongly communicated with medical staff, reminded me of my wants and needs, and not only stayed calm, but stayed AWAKE for 30+ hours!!! I remember her feeding me popsicles, ice chips, dried edamame, coconut water before I even knew I needed nourishment. She fixed my pillows and bedding to ensure I was as comfortable as I could be, she made me feel safe and relaxed during a high anxiety moment. She laughed with me and cheered us on. I ended up needing an unplanned csection, but she was there when I came out and my mom told her, you are part of the family now. And it is true, she is my son's oldest friend! (Haha even though he's only 5 weeks!) She was there when the sun came up and my son was placed in my arms for the first time xoxo. She cried happy tears with us. She took lots pictures and made us feel so wonderful and special! She truly has a gift and I am recommending her to any future moms!! She also processed my placenta into pills, truffles, and recorded a video of it for us. Much love to Keelia!
                                
                            



                                
                                    Erin Ramsey-Tooher
                                    4/22/2017
                                
                                
                                    We worked with Keelia for the birth of our 2nd daughter in April 2017, and I couldn't recommend her more highly. Keelia was warm, kind, and supportive of our choices and preferences for labor and delivery from the first time we met her. She made herself available for questions and checked in with me regularly as my due date drew closer and as I began to experience signs of early labor. When the time came to go to the hospital, Keelia worked collaboratively with the midwife attending my birth at the hospital to make me as comfortable as possible. Her hands-on comfort techniques, gentle affirmations, and calming presence were invaluable to me and I truly don't know I could have had the birth experience I hoped for without her. Highly recommended!!!
                                
                            