DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
6 TESTIMONIALS

Kelly Brusch

DOULAS OF NORTH COUNTY

Vista, CA  Service range 40 miles

https://www.kelly-rae.com/doulasofnorthcounty

Birth Fee

Not specified

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

CONTACT KELLY VIEW KELLY'S AVAILABILITY

Lauren Dubberstein9/7/2022Kelly was amazing! I can't say enough good things about her. As a first time mom I had no idea what to expect going into labor but I'm so incredibly grateful I had her with me throughout my whole pregnancy. She helped me get clear about my goals and desires for my birth experience and did an amazing job helping me advocate for myself. My labor didn't go quite like I had planned but I'm so proud of how it all turned out and I can honestly say that is all because of Kelly! I tell everyone I know that working with her was hands down the best decision I made during my pregnancy. I am forever grateful to her for being part of my birth story. 


Amanda Wilkinson8/31/2022I'll start by saying that if I could relive this experience again, I would. If I could give birth with Kelly as my doula again, I would do it tomorrow. I hired Kelly last minute (36 weeks) because I didn't feel educated on the birthing process. I kinda always banked on it just happening. Well Kelly saved the day. She helped educate my husband and I on the entire birthing process and my rights as a patient. She also helped my husband feel comfortable with helping during the whole process. Kelly would help if I had any questions about things I was thinking or feeling up until the birth. She also helped me prepare for after birth. Kelly was there for me every moment from hiring to even now. My birth was the most magical experience of my whole life because Kelly helped me frame it. I was so relaxed, empowered and informed. We created a detailed birth plan, went over comfort measures and all details of how to tackle anything that may arise. I was very fortunate to have had an easy birth but I know Kelly would have been amazing if any challenges came about. After birth she helped with any issues I was having and made me the most delicious bone broth. Kelly is so compassionate and invested in her job. I think doulas are angels on this earth. Thank you Kelly. 


Liz3/18/2022I originally wasn't going to talk to a doula for my first born, but I ended up take a yoga class with Kelly and really liked how she taught. She tailored her teaching to what made me feel most comfortable and I really appricated her knowledge. 


Hailey Daugherty3/10/2022Kelly is absolutely amazing!! She went above and beyond for me throughout my pregnancy and while in labor. She never made me feel like a bother with all my questions. She is very knowledgeable about the birth process and how to get your baby in the correct position for birth. Kelly was great help while in labor and a comfort factor for me and even my husband. We truly appreciate her and her work! 100/10 for Kelly! 


Machaelie Souza3/6/2022Hiring Kelly was truly one of the best decisions we've ever made. Her presence, both physical and emotional, made such a difference in my pregnancy and birth experiences. She was both an empowering and soothing voice throughout the journey and we are just so grateful for her. 


Jamie Lee9/8/2021Kelly offers wonderful support during pregnancy, birth and post partum. She is a considerate and generous communicator who helped me navigate my decision making process in challenging situations. She is knowledgeable but above all she is kind and patient. It was a joy to share my birthing experience with her. 