DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
3 TESTIMONIALS

Kierra Moorhead

San Leandro, CA  Service range 15 miles  Fee for bridges

https://keythedoula.wixsite.com/mysite

Birth Fee

$1600 to $1800

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $60

Black Doula

Availability Remarks: I service as a Night Doula. Contact me for more details on how I can best benefit your family.

CONTACT KIERRA VIEW KIERRA'S AVAILABILITY

Denise12/5/2022Kierra was such a validating and helpful presence for me during the first six weeks after giving birth to my second child. With her calm, professional, and empathetic approach, she helped to ensure nursing was going smoothly and that me and my partner were able to get the most rest possible during the night. I could instantly trust Kierra with our child and I learned a lot from her about how to care for them-- Kierra observes patterns and behaviors and was able to provide helpfujl insight and advice in a non-judgemental way that improved the feeding and sleeping for our baby. I highly recommend Kierra as a night doula! She brings great knowledge, joy and confidence to the often challenging postpartum experience,   


Shivani7/13/2022I highly recommend working with Kierra. She has a magical touch with babies. She was our night nanny when our daughter was first born. She was great at soothing our daughter and supporting me in my recovery. She was dependable, had great communication, taught us a ton about taking care of a baby, and truly cared about my daughter and us - I couldn't have asked for anything more. I've already recommended Kierra to several of my friends. 


Jawondolyn Bandstra5/12/2022In the haze of being a new mom Kierra was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about everything baby. In those first few weeks, it can be super overwhelming with all the new tasks, utter lack of sleep and debilitating fear you're doing everything wrong... it was really wonderful to talk to someone who'd worked with other moms and understood the many issues new parents face. Kierra was extremely beneficial to me with my breastfeeding journey. I'm almost sure I would've quit had she not been there to help me. Due to some delivery complications I had been supplementing with formula when my daughter came home from the hospital - now I've been exclusively breastfeeding my daughter for 3 months. If you're questioning whether a doula is worth it...it is and Kierra's wonderful! 