DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
6 TESTIMONIALS

Kim Winkleman

Berkeley, CA  Service range 10 miles

5105042288

https://www.kimwinkleman.com/

Birth Fee

$1300 to $2250

CONTACT KIM VIEW KIM'S AVAILABILITY

Becca Sweetman8/7/2023My husband and I absolutly loved working with Kim to help bring our first baby into the world! Kim was so kind and attentive to our needs/requests throughout the entire pregnancy and birth. During our meetings before the birth she answered all of our questions and provided us with great insight into the birthing world. She also brought along some tools for us to use and even some postpartum items as well. She was an amazing help during active labor! She kept me focused and relaxed and provided excellent coaching during pushing. We felt so comfortable with Kim and we are so grateful she was there for our son's birth! We absolutly recommend working with her!


Laurel8/23/2019I am so happy and thankful that I picked Kim as my doula. She spent the many, many hours of my labor with me as a calming presence, and when it came time for me to change plans, she helped me see my options clearly and then supported me in my decision. Kim really went above and beyond the call of duty for me. When I really needed an advocate for me in the hospital in the wee hours of night after having given birth hours ago, Kim came back to the hospital and set everything right. I have recommended her to my close friend and would recommend her to anyone!


Olivia Ono2/17/2019Kim was instrumental in my birth experience. As a first timer I had no idea what to expect about birth beyond what I have read and heard from others, which is as different as each person. I knew I needed someone who was calm and experienced to be there for me because I had a lot of anxiety around birth. I had no expectations or plan but I did want to have support other than my husband. When I went into labor I didn’t realize it would be a marathon and I’m so grateful for Kim’s knowledge about what my options were in terms of pain relief, hospital procedures, and although she may have had her own opinions of things, I never felt like she was judging me for making my own decisions. I would recommend Kim over and over and I’m so grateful to have had her there from the beginning, through the most incredible experience of my life. 


Kate Silver11/10/2018Can’t thank Kim enough or say enough good things about her. Kim showed up last minute to cover for our doula who was sick. She had a positive and profound effect on our daughters birth. Kim’s calm energy was exactly what I needed by my side. Her constant physical and verbal support helped me to have a beautiful and healthy birth. I don’t know if I would have been able to have a natural birth without Kim’s support. Kim also helped us to have a healthy and easy recovery and bond with our beautiful baby girl. Clearly this is what Kim was meant to do and we appreciate her being part of our birth story. I highly recommend choosing Kim as your doula.


Alice Chen11/2/2018This review is long overdue, but Kim Winkleman was my birthing doula 1.5 years ago. She is incredibly calm and patient. I never felt rushed or pressured by her to speed up my birth (it was incredibly long.) I'm pretty picky, especially about who I'd let into my birthing room, but Kim definitely has the right vibe. Also, she is incredibly knowledgable and a great advocate in the delivery room. If you have the opportunity to use Kim, go for it! I give her my strongest recommendation.


Nathan Pierce5/4/2018Kim helped my wife and I through the birth of our first child. In today's world we don't have as close family connections as in generations past, we didn't know exactly how it would be. Kim's calm confidence and assurance, and knowing that she has experienced this before was most helpful to us. Just meeting with her was helpful to ease my worries and make me feel more calm and comfortable about the whole process. I especially remembered the description of the expectant mother going to her safe cave for protection from predators, and how it prevents the labor from being slowed by adrenaline. This helped me better accept my wife's desires for having no family present for the birth.