DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
22 TESTIMONIALS

Kimberly Gorskie-Garcia, CNA, CBD

Kimberlybirthworker

Redondo Beach, CA  Service range 21 miles

4243754726

https://kimberlygorskiegarcia.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2400

VIEW KIMBERLY'S AVAILABILITY

Emily Shefer5/21/2023Kimberly is an amazing person, and a huge help to have on your birthing team. From the moment my husband and i first spoke to her we were impressed by her knowledge, wisdom and strength. Throughout my pregnancy our meetings with her provided comfort, and taught us everything we needed to know about birth. I felt so incredibly prepared and empowered because of our time with her. Kimberly continues to check up on us and our baby, and we are only sad to not get to see her as often.


Leah5/17/2023I had the privilege of having Kimberly as my doula, and I am incredibly grateful for her compassion and support. I highly recommend Kimberly to anyone seeking a doula who is not only skilled but also compassionate and committed to empowering births. She made a lasting impact, and I'm forever grateful for her support.


Marianna Gallo Schmidt5/16/2023We worked with Kimberly for the birth of our first daughter in April. We spoke with many doulas before selecting the one we felt was the best fit but It was an easy decision for us the moment we met kimberly. She brings so much knowledge, comfort, and support to every conversation. The information she gave us prior to birth prepared us in every way to build the perfect birth plan but also helped us manage our expectations incase things needed to change along the way (as they tend to do!)What we appreciated most was her amazing support during a few moments of uncertainty we had with our doctor ahead of birth. She kept us sane and our heads on straight. Another thing to note was how supported she made my husband feel. He was more nervous than me throughout the process and Kimberly had a perfect approach with him to make him feel important, heard, and not alone.We would recommend her doula services to anyone and everyone. She’s the absolute best!


Mary-Kate Tortorich3/22/2023My partner and I had an amazing experience with Kimberly as our doula. We had originally sought a doula as more of support for my partner during labor and birth- so that he could in turn support me. We did a simple google search and Kimberly's website was the first to pop up, so professionally done that we were impressed. She impressed us with her professional experience as well as her history in the medical field in France. She is very straightforward about her pricing and is flexible with payments plans- she works with you. she was very communicative as we waited (and waited and waited) to go into labor, she came to our home and labored there with us until it was time to go to the birth center.but here's where she goes above and beyond. I was in labor for a total of 48 hours- 28 of that was spent at the birth center. It was a draining and mentally difficult experience for all of us and she never left our side. I pushed for 5 hours before I delivered our daughter and she never ceased encouraging me and providing physical comfort like fanning, holding my legs, cold water to drink, or counter pressure on my hips. She made sure my partner could take a break and go to the bathroom or eat which was so important to me. She stayed after the birth to make sure that we were comfortable and that I could latch her at the breast independently before she went home. I can 100% say that we would not have been able to have the unmedicated, out of hospital birth that we wanted if Kimberly had not been a part of our team. We are so grateful to her! We would recommend her to anyone. 


Audrey v2/17/2023How words can describe my experience with Kimberly ?! I am forever grateful and thankful for her knowledge, her energy and for her support during our sessions and for the 25 hours she spent with me and my husband during my delivery… i will never forget her patience, her words, holding hands when it was difficult for me and how available she was anytime we needed her. Thank you Kimberly again for being a part of our magical journey. If you are considering a doula, I would highly recommend Kimberly! 


Jasmine2/2/2023Kimberly was amazing and an integral part of my birth. I genuinely believe her presence brought about the peace and comfort that was exactly what I needed. It was so nice having another woman who understood what was needed and when. Of course my husband was such a great support, but having someone who’s been through it guiding you can make your experience so much better. At no point did her presence feel unnecessary, if anything, we didn’t want her to leave!I can’t thank her enough for always being available for questions, concerns or just guidance.


Chelsi1/27/2023If you want a confident, compassionate, and reliable doula then Kimberly is a great choice. She took us as a client pretty far into my pregnancy but we still got some in person sessions. She went over some good birthing positions, breathing techniques and answered all my questions. Being a first time mom I was nervous going into birth. When the day came I forgot all the moves and breathing but Kimberly was there to remind me. I was in labor for TWO long days. Kimberly was there to massage me, do counter pressure, give words of encouragement and many other things. She came to my house then the birthing center and then to the hospital for a much needed epidural. My son was born on Christmas Eve so Kimberly spent the holiday with my new family! Thank you Kimberly!


Sarah1/17/2023I reached out to Kim in my third trimester looking for support, guidance and advocacy for my first birthing experience and she was truly amazing throughout the entire journey. She provided info & resources for my husband and I to be able to make informed decisions and helped us formulate a birth plan. She was always there for me to reach out to which was especially important when I started going into labor on and off again and didn’t know what to expect. She lent us some great tools that helped provide relief during labor and showed my husband how to help me through it. Her support at the hospital also helped us both out so much! She gave me encouragement, applied counter pressure through the labor pain and tapped in when my husband needed to tap out. She helped make the space calming with essential oils, mood lighting and a sound machine and she helped me advocate for myself to naturally let my water break when I felt pressured by the doctors to manually break it. We ended up needing vacuum assistance during delivery which was an intense experience but during our postpartum visit she helped me process everything and was such a supportive ear for me to talk to. And she took the sweetest photos of me, my husband and our baby girl right after birth! She really became like a friend that helped guide me through my first birth experience and I’m forever grateful for her!


Clarissa1/6/2023Kimberly was amazing to work with. My partner and I found her late in our pregnancy and she made sure to be there for us as much as she could in the little time we had together. We had to use her back up services as well for a little bit, and it was reassuring that we were always in good hands even when plans changed slightly. She really cared about the vision my partner and I had for our delivery and was really supportive throughout the labor. What really stood out to me about Kimberly, were her values on equality in healthcare and providing doula services to all those who want it. 


Marga Spaccini12/17/2022Our birth was a beautiful experience thanks to Kimberly. We don’t have words enough to thank her. She is professional, determined and she made sure we were treated respectfully at all times. She never left my side and made sure I was ok. Not just me, but my husband felt supported too. Together we made a beautiful team. I would recommend her over and over. We couldn’t have done it without her!


Tatiane12/11/2022Kimberly is wonderful. We hired her as our night doula to look after our little baby girl and she was great with her. I hired other night doulas and fired them on the job because I didn’t feel like they knew how to care for my little one. Kimberly has empathy, she just has a way with babies and when you meet her you know you can trust her. Someone has to have a lot of patience, strength and love for their job to do what she does and I can tell she has all the best qualities and is perfect at it. You can trust your little one in her hands and I would trust her as a birth doula too because the same qualities are required.


Laura Hernandez12/8/2022Kimberly is phenomenal as a doula. She is knowledgeable, supportive, caring and follows up with you every step of the way. She was able to squeeze me in with a one week notice! So grateful for her support during our birth. She made the experience as comfortable and zen as possible. She's punctual and just so loving, you can tell she loves what she does. 


Aaron10/26/2022Kimberly was an incredible doula for me and my wife! She had a calming presence in the labor room - it was great to have her expertise and poise present as we were giving birth. We knew we were in safe hands. She was also so kind and willing to help in any way. She dropped everything to be with us at the hospital at 2 AM in the morning. Thank you, Kimberly!


Jessie Brown10/6/2022Kimberly is an amazing doula and I am so happy with my experience with her! This was my first birth and I had a lot of things I did / did not want. Kimberly helped to advocate for me and was my emotional / mental support person the whole way. I am 110% happy with how my birth went with her. She visited me 4 times beforehand and I had a super close connection with her very quickly. It was great how during the pre natal visits she gave me a lot of information about birth and the pros and cons of common hospital practices so I could make my own educated decisions about what I wanted for me and my baby. I loved how during my pregnancy she was on call for me 24 / 7 if I needed anything. She cares deeply about her clients and advocating for what they desire. I also got to experience her encapsulating my placenta, which was awesome, and now I get to consume my tree of life which nourished my baby for 9 months. I am 7 weeks postpartum and she still checks in on me to see how I am doing. She is an amazing human and doula and I would recommend her 100%. For all of my future births she will definitely be there!


Anastasia9/13/2022We used Kimberly as a night Doula for our newborn and we loved her. She was very gentle and kind with our daughter. She brought her own expertise but was very willing to listen to what I wanted as well. She has a warm and thoughtful demeanor. Plus you cannot beat her experience in the NICU!


Ani8/12/2022Kimberly is one of the sweetest people I have met. She was so understanding about my past trauma and made an extra effort to be sympathetic and understanding. She made sure to make my husband and I feel comfortable but more importantly get educated about our birth plan. With her assistance, we thought about things we hadn’t initially considered. During the birth my son had to be rushed to NICU and it was so comforting for my husband to be with him while Kimberly hung around and supported me through the c section after effects. Anyways…I rambled. She’s amazing! I would highly recommend!


Lauren Vincent8/4/2022I was referred to Kim by another doula and I am SO happy to have found her. Kim is a wealth of knowledge and was checking in on me at the end of my pregnancy, while I was in labor, and even the weeks when she wasn’t with us. She was so encouraging, supportive, and thoughtful. I cannot say enough great things about Kim!My husband and I decided to have an overnight postpartum doula to offer extra support for the long sleepless nights. We had our first meeting over FaceTime to make sure we would be a good fit and I was relieved to connect with her. It was very important to me that I felt comfortable and trusted bringing Kim into our home to spend the overnights with us and our newborn. Kim was fantastic and she was so good with our son! It was evident she had a lot of experience with newborns. She was able to soothe him when he was fussing, coax him to sleep when he was struggling, and feed him during one of the middle of the night feedings so I could sleep. Not only is Kim incredibly nice and easy to be around (a must when I was breastfeeding at midnight in my pjs with messy hair and sleep deprived), she is very supportive and non judgmental. Motherhood can be a super judgy space and to have someone who offered advice and tips that aligned and supported our choices was just what I needed as a first time mom! I wouldn’t hesitate to call Kim again for our next baby!


Spike Martin7/17/2022Kim was incredible!!! I got started on the doula research late - 36 weeks - but Kim was able to adjust her normal schedule of visits to accommodate me so quickly. My husband was a bit skeptical about what exactly we needed a doula for, but after the first visit where she went through all the possible interventions that might come up during labor, he quickly changed his tune.I had a pretty long pre-labor with painful contractions for 3 days leading up to being admitted to the hospital and Kim took the time to come to our house and bring a bunch of different things to try and make me more comfortable - TENS unit, peanut ball, etc. She then drove all the way to SM where I was giving birth to be with us the entire time we were in the hospital.After birth she slipped out so my husband and i could have Some time alone with our daughter, but Kim was always there via text if I needed her or had questions. I also didn’t realize how valuable having her come by for a postpartum visit was. She sat with both of us and just gave us the space to reflect on the entire thing, which neither of us had taken the time to do.From our first meeting to even after the postpartum visit , Kim was there for us every step of the way. Having her he at my birth was absolutely invaluable and I would recommend her to anyone!!!


Julie3/19/2022Kimberly help me during my labor by virtual support in France. She was amazing , I felt like she was there even tho she was only on the phone. She was checking with us by text , or FaceTime’s call to show to my husband how to properly do some counter pressure , she reinsure him and cheers him up during the whole process. We received tips , photos and she was so available for us anytime. She has so many knowledge due to her previous career and she knew every procedures and we were ready before even going to the hospital because she told us a lot during our pre natals appointments . I felt so much confident about my choices. She is truly a good birthworker , the one everyone wish to have. She is there for you , for your birth and will always listen to your choices and give you all the education you need to have in order to build your own birth plan. She may be young but she already have done so many things. Hire her , this is my best advice.


Michelle Osborne3/7/2022Kimberly is such a kind and gentle person. The first time I met her and her family I knew she was a good person and an amazing mom. She is generous, thoughtful and loving.  She has alot of experiences it all types of settings for child birth, which gave me a lot of comfort knowing that if there was a difficult situation that she would have alot of experiences to draw from. Her strongest quality is that she is a good listener. In the many moments of high stress and emotion I felt heard, supported and listened to.  She helped me and my husband in the toughest moments to welcome our sweet son, Leon Benjamin and having her at home visit after the birth was so helpful. I would absolutely recommend Kimberly as your Doula.  


Anais Decleves3/6/2022I will make it succinct but i could certainly write a few pages about Kimberly. She is one of the most kind hearted person i have ever met! My labor started on Wednesday evening when my water broke and i rushed to the hospital because i had strep b and needed to be monitored closely. She was here from the get go, she made me feel so calm and composed when it wasn't what was actually happening in my head ??. I was put on petocin drip and epidural and they gave me morphine 36 hours in , i started pushing on Saturday before noon for 3 hours and couldn't get my little girl out. I had an emergency C-section because her heart rate was dropping and my little one finally made it into this world at 4:03 pm. Needless to say my labor was a nightmare but i can only thank Kim for being there every minute of it. She was always by my side, reassuring and comforting . She gave me space when i needed but was never too far to jump back in. She is very knowledgeable , open minded ; funny and smart. She was the family that couldn't be here for me at that time, advocating to make sure i was well taken care of and simply put my gardian angel. Thank your for the shared laughter and tears, the emotianal support and the physical help, you're a godsend and i hope you can make that many people happy and blessed for their journey into motherhood.??


Amanda Ruetenik3/5/2022I loved having Kimberly as my doula for my home birth of my second baby. Kimberly has been so instrumental in helping me and my husband ease our minds through out our pregnancy and the delivery of our little girl. She is so kind and caring always going the extra mile to make you feel seen and your worries heard. It can be scary having a home birth and I felt so much more comfortable knowing she was there for me. My biggest worry was having to transfer to the hospital and she made me feel so safe because of her experience as a nurse in the hospital in the labor and delivery unit. She is so educated and knowledgeable and I trust that she will always give me the best advice medically and as a friend. I also felt so educated about what was going to happen during my labor and she helped me find the right type of body workers for my back pain during pregnancy. This is the most hard and beautiful thing to go through and I’m so lucky to have found her and to have her by my side. I know I couldn’t do it without her. Thank you Kimberly! 