DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
16 TESTIMONIALS

Kimberly Munoz

The Faithful Doula

Reseda, CA  Service range 35 miles  None

https://www.thefaithfuldoula.com/

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2300

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $50

CONTACT KIMBERLY VIEW KIMBERLY'S AVAILABILITY

Veronica Belmonte5/5/2023If you don't hire Kim, you're doing birth wrong.I felt SO SAFE & encouraged with her. Although I was really informed about labor & birth since this was my 2nd go around, she brought even more education & insight to me. How she showed up & went right into action was incredible. I was a 2nd time mom pregnant w/ twins & we were on our toes the last trimester with "it could happen any minute now" anticipation. Kim & I were in constant communication. She made me feel so seen and loved. I felt like I had a bff with me during my labor. She counter pressured all the pain through each contraction. She helped guide my husband to help me through them and to create oxytocin. She knew exactly what positions to put me in to help baby descend. She played worship music the entire time, turned on the flameless candles, & prayed with me. I felt like I blinked and was at 7cms dilated. It was so incredible how she got me that far. I ultimately got an epidural because my doctor told me he was going to preform a breech extraction (Google it. It's awful) & told me that I wouldn't want to feel that. Kim advocated for me the entire time! She re explained every single thing the doctor said to me. When you're going through contractions, the doctors love to coerce you and confuse you into doing things THEIR way. Kim made sure to re explain / dumb down everything they were saying so that I could process it and make my decisions. My twins were both born vaginally & within 2 minutes apart. Kim helped me latch them both on & gave me some great breastfeeding support. Her postpartum visit was great. She wanted to clean my dishes & see what she could do to help out. I will never go with any other doula ever again. She is here to stay! And I plan on having like 10 kids haha! I love you Kim! You are my family now & I'll always recommend you to every single pregnant mama I know. Thank you for showing up & being EVERYTHING to me during my labor.


Mario R Calderon4/9/2023We had a wonderful experience with Kimberly as our childbirth educator and labor doula.Kimberly was referred to us by our midwife, Andrea Pongo. We found Kimberly to be very flexible when scheduling classes and determining pricing.  It is clear that the priority for Kimberly is sharing knowledge and supporting the family.My wife, Cinthia, and I connected well with Kimberly for the childbirth workshop. We learned and had fun. It was a very dynamic and engaging class. We really appreciated that she took extra time to cover all of the material since my wife only speaks Spanish and had many questions. Kimberly was ultra-patient and had a unique way of explaining things.We connected so much with her that we hired her as our labor doula. Quite honestly, we couldn't have done it without her. She supported us over a labor process which took several days. She was hands-on and guided us with where needed.  We had planned for a home birth but the baby’s medical situation required us to transition to the hospital.  Kimberly stayed with us as we moved from home to hospital and served as our advocate.  She always listened to us and stayed by my wife’s side, helping to turn a difficult experience into a powerful experience.  It made such a difference to be in the care of someone who has a passion for what they do.  We consider her a friend now; she is kind enough to check in and see how we are doing.Thank you, Kimberly, for being so wonderful and kind in our journey.


Christine Conrad12/14/2022Kim is a true gem in all respects.I had booked another doula but my baby came a week late and I had Kim as a last minute back up (referred by my doula). I met Kim in the parking lot of the birth center as I was going through active labor contractions at 2am. She was instantly warm and compassionate - I immediately trusted her. Throughout the whole labor she was present and patient. She gave the perfect amount of space and direction for my husband to support me, too. She was so attentive and literally read my mind as a thought would pass through it: handing me water, chapstick, snacks, offering movement/massage, ect.Honestly, I cannot imagine my birth without her and I think she was a better fit than my orginally planned doula. I feel so grateful that Kim was there for us. Her energy, experience, and presence is exactly what any birthing person could want. I plan to book her the second I get pregnant again.


Alan Macias12/12/2022My wife and I were looking for a Doula for the birth of our first son. We ended up hiring Kim due to the fact that she spoke Spanish was great with our parents and I was very patient with myself as a first time dad hiring a Doula, I had never even heard of the craft, and after speaking to her, she made me feel very comfortable, and the fact that I would also be involved with the birth, she was an amazing asset to our birth plan, as well as an amazing support system. When it came to the actual birth, I cannot rave enough about her services her patience, her intelligence about birth and her kindness she has become our Lifelong friend after our birth and we will continue to recommend her services to anyone whom is expecting. She was very forthcoming. Her contract and she offered different options in case of emergencies so I do advise if you are to hire her please look over the contract and understand that everything is laid out in black-and-white and she never attempts to hide anything from her clients. Overall, I give Kim a 1000,000,000 out of 10.


Mike Wilson12/9/2022DID NOT HAVE A GOOD EXPERIENCE. When my wife began labor and was admitted to the hospital, Kim informed us she wouldn't be able to attend the birth.  She had Covid and offered us backups.  Once labor begins, you likely won't feel like interviewing backups between contractions.  You expect a personal connection with your doula and it is hard to replicate that with a stranger.  Backup doesn't know you or your situation. It made us uncomfortable so we went without. This service isn't like getting a new uber because one cancels on you.  You are hiring a specific person. All the above, although not ideal, would have been fine.  People can't control if they get Covid, but where Kim really disappointed us is she refused us any refund (even a patrial refund).  So we ended up paying $1,750 for a single educational meeting with zero support at the hospital (other than text messages).  We felt ripped off.  She offered some after care support in lieu of a refund but frankly, we didn't really want to see her again at that point.  She'll say her contract provisions say we aren't entitled to a refund.  She's got some punitive contract provisions she is hiding behind but if you take money for a service, return the money if you don't deliver the service.  Pretty simple.  So for that reason, I would discourage anyone from hiring Kim.  If you do hire Kim, be sure to litigate/negotiate all contract provisions with her in detail to protect yourself.  Not many people would feel like hiring a lawyer to review a doula agreement but that might be worthwhile for Kim. 


Christina N.11/4/2022I have so many good things to say about Kim that I don't know where to start. As a first time mom, navigating pregnancy and birth was daunting. The one thing I knew for sure was that hiring a doula was important to me. Kim's knowledge, expertise, kindness, support, compassion, and warmth were absolutely invaluable during my journey to motherhood. Not only was she a support to me, but she supported my husband as well. She guided us both before our daughter was born and after; she was always available to us. I'm not sure what either of us would have done without her in the hospital. She supported us non-stop in advocating for our desires during my very long labor and delivery and comforted us during some difficult moments. If you are on the fence about hiring a doula, rest assured you are making the correct choice in choosing to work with Kim. You will be in the best hands and will be so glad you did. My husband was skeptical about us needing a doula and after our little one came, I asked him if he thinks we should work with Kim again if we have another baby. He said, "Of course we should! We needed her!" You need her, too. Don't wait! Reach out to her and relax knowing you made the right choice.


Bryan C7/7/2022Kim is wonderful! We are so grateful for her services. My partner had a complicated delivery and was readmitted to the hospital after coming home with our baby. It was so stressful and challenging caring for our baby with just me and my mother in law. Kim came in and helped tremendously.Kim is very knowledgeable and a thoughtful teacher. We learned so much from her. Kim is also very compassionate not only toward our baby, but toward us parents as well. She empathizes with our difficulties and lack of sleep while providing solid insight and solutions. I feel much better prepared to care for our baby now that Kim has spent time with us. She is fantastic and we look forward to utilizing her services in the future! 


Katrina Bunstein6/8/2022Our family had the pleasure of having Kim as our postpartum doula. Kim is a very calming, supportive, and genuine person. She was also able to provide resources to answer my questions as a first time mom. And most importantly to me, she was gentle with our baby. We will definitely consider Kim should we be so lucky to need her again!


Courtney Roserie6/7/2022I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND Kimberly Munoz as a birth  and postpartum doula. She is quite simply one of THE BEST in Southern California, period. As a client, she educated me on what to expect in the birthing process, supported me with my birth plan, made me feel comfortable and cared for, and empowered me throughout my delivery. As a woman of faith, she is walking in her calling and it is evident by her Fruit; the Holy Spirit is working through that woman.  I had a natural labor and delivery and Kim never left my side; providing the rehearsed comfort measures, speaking the gospel and praying over me, and holding my hands as I ushered my little one earthside. Lord willing, when my husband and I have another child, Kim will be the first person on the birth team that we call. I would recommend her to family, friends, colleagues, strangers.. ANYONE in search of a wonderful doula. I'm so thankful and grateful for the wonderful acts of  service she provided. 


Nehama abecassis6/7/2022My experience with Kim was absolutely amazing. She was more than just a Doula she was an integral part of my prenatal, labor and postpartum journey. Kim always made sure to ask me how I was doing during my pregnancy and really made me feel confident in my birth plan. During labor she was my rock, she went above and beyond to make my experience as comfortable and memorable as possible. During our postpartum visit I felt like I was sitting with a friend because that's how close we felt. Having a Doula is a necessity, but having Kim as your Doula is a blessing. I can't recommend her enough! She really is amazing Doula and more importantly person. 


Cristal caballeros11/21/2021My husband and I feel so blessed to have experienced the labor and birth of our son with you. We couldn’t have asked for a more kind, loving, calm, strong, skilled and helpful doula. Thank you for being a part of this special moment  and for being such a special person in our lives. You have our deepest gratitude. May God bless you always 


Sofiya and Yaniv6/7/2021Kimberly is a true goddess! I am so grateful she was present during the biggest ceremony of our lives. She is a wealth of knowledge - wise, nurturing, grounded and loving. She held space and made both me and my husband feel totally supported the entire time -  18 hours of labor to be exact! She made the birth of our daughter so calm and comfortable, despite the change of birth plan that put my entire nervous system into total shock. She always remained flexible and never left my side. I can honestly say that I don't think I would have done what I did without her there. She was constantly coming up with ideas for positioning and simultaneously supported my husband while he was very nervous. She massaged my feet and hands, talked to me, calmed me when I couldn't calm myself. If you're looking for a doula, you will have the best care with Kimberly. Although our journey together was short, she will always be a special part of our lives and someone we will alway hold dear to our hearts. 


Candi Diaz1/18/2021Kimberly was amazing. She prepared  us and educated us with everything that we needed for our birth. During labor she made me feel really comfortable and was there by my side the whole time helping me cope with the pain. She's an excellent doula and I highly recommend her. 


Sarah11/17/2020My husband and I decided to try to have an unmedicated, no-intervention "natural" birth. We took the "Mama Natural" birth classes and they highly recommend getting a doula. We were skeptical at first, but my midwife suggested just looking to see if I found someone I liked. Kim was the first out of 2 doulas I was going to interview and lets just say I cancelled the second one after my call with Kim! Kim is an AMAZING doula, in fact my midwife who has been in the industry for decades, told me that Kim is the best she's worked with. Throughout prenatal, birth, & postnatal Kim has been there for me, my husband, my baby, and even my family. I 10000000% recommend choosing Kim if you want someone who will keep you calm, priortize YOU and your choices, know exactly how to help aid you in pain management (through breathing techniques, lavender essential oil, massages, putting you in different positions, prayer, etc), and even help your partner/SO help you. I could NOT have done it without Kim. Kim- thank you so much! I am forever grateful for you! We love you xoxo


Kimberly Clark11/10/2020Kim is a GODSEND and an Angel. As a first time mom I was very anxious about labor. I was equipped with the knowledge thru my Bradley Classes, and my partner and I were ready BUT to have that extra reassurance and knowledge from Kim was priceless. She came over (Covid-safe) to prep us and answer any questions we had. She was always prompt and on-time and easy to work with scheduling-wise. The day of labor she was right there and on top of everything. Her calm demeanor and reassuring nature really allowed me and my partner the space to labor like we desired. She made sure I got to the birthing center when I was almost fully dialated and coached me thru my contractions effortlessly. Her hands-on techniques helped tremendously when things got painful. I am so grateful we chose her AND she took amazing pictures and footage of the birth. She is forever family. P.s. she did all of this while being pregnant also. Our baby loves her! 


Margarita Cornejo8/8/2020I had an amazing experience with Kim. She was very informative and helpful throughout my last few days of pregnancy. Even though I wasn’t looking for a doula, she reached out to me and offered to help me. At the time I was going through something and didn’t want to speak to anyone but she let me know that she was there for me if I needed any help with my pregnancy or if I needed someone to talk to. I wish I had talked to her before. She really did help me a lot and made me feel at ease. She made me feel less stressed out. Told me things that I didn’t know about. If it weren’t for her, I’d be lost and it would have taken me some time to learn. After speaking to her I felt more confident and prepared about giving birth, knew how the process would be, what where the choices I had to make, the outcome of those choices, etc. She has so much knowledge about pregnancy and birth. She will take care of you. She also took my maternity photos. It was nice because I never got the chance to take some and they came out beautiful. She truly cares and will make your pregnancy (and birth and after birth) experience the best she can.