DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
8 TESTIMONIALS

Krishna Lopez

The Rainbow Doula

San Dimas, CA  Service range 20 miles

https://www.therainbowdoula.com/

Birth Fee

$750 to $1500

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $50

CONTACT KRISHNA VIEW KRISHNA'S AVAILABILITY

Lynette Porter3/22/2023Words can not describe how grateful I am for the love and support that Krishna has brought to me during such a dark time in my life. I will forever be grateful to her for her guidance and kind words during my miscarriage. Without her I don’t know how I would have navigate through this grief and wonder of will I be able to have a baby ever again. She had made this time in my life hopeful by providing me with advice on healing & preparing my body for our future child. Thank you Krishna!!! 


Renee Collymore12/24/2021Krishna is such a wonderful doula. She provided great support throughout my pregnancy, labor, delivery, and postpartum recovery for my third child. I was able to discuss my worries with Krishna, and she helped to find ways to ease those fears. I felt that she truly cares and enjoys supporting women. She treated me more like a friend than just a client. I really appreciate the personal touches that helped me feel comfortable in a very personal/vulnerable time. I don’t think I could have had the peaceful natural birth experience without Krishna’s support. I would highly recommend Krishna to anyone looking for a loving supportive doula.


Celia9/26/2021Krishna has been such an amazing person to have as part of my pregnancy and post partum circle! She has an answer to every question you may have, but more importantly she is non judgemental and stresses to do what's best for you! She has a demeanor that makes you feel calm, relaxed, and like everything is going to me ok, which is so important as a new mom when you feel freaked out about everything. I imagine I will be reaching out to her often not only through my new post partum journey but years to come!


Rachel7/20/2021Krishna was my doula for a homebirth at the beginning of July. I did not know much about Doulas before Krishna and I met through Kindred Space. I wasn't planning on having a doula attend my birth simply because I was uneducated on what services Doulas offer that differ from Midwives. I am sooooo glad that Krishna educated me on doulas services and that I had her at my birth. Her and I clicked right away, and she was amazing. I really don't know if I would have made it through all my contractions without her help. She coached me through every single contraction and squeezed my hips to help me cope with the pain. She was great at communicating with me, and making sure everything she did was beneficial. I cannot recommend Krishna ENOUGH. Having her at my birth was essential and if I'm blessed to have another baby, Krishna will be my doula again.


Brooke2/15/2021Krishna is AMAZING!  She has been helping me with my journey to conceive and her assistance has been incredible.  I didn't know how much I didn't know until I started working with her. The first thing you will appreciate about her is her gentle nature and her sincere desire to help you.  She has such a supportive spirit and a wealth of knowledge so she's the perfect person to have in your corner.   You can rest assured that she is judgement-free and and she's such an easy person to confide in, even when it comes to the less than glamourous parts of concieving and child birth.I've learned a tremendous amount from Krishna already and she checks in on me consistently along the way.  You will get so much more than a Doula when you choose Krishna, you get a blessing of a person to assist you in one of life's most awesome and sometimes tumultuous adventures.  


Rahul Bhansali11/27/2020We were nervous to move from New Jersey while 7 months pregnant during a pandemic!  We had a phenomenal doula in NJ and in Krishna we found what we were looking for and more, remotely at that. Working with her welcomed us warmly into a new state, a new baby, and an inevitably overwhelming mash of unknowns.Her empathy drips in every conversation she has, her presence is a wonder!  Leading up to our birth, she prepared us about breathing, positions, using dance, and a mindset of self-care.  When my wife felt sick, Krishna was the first call, and she always had the right remedy.What I loved was that she followed up, and genuinely thought about us every step of the way of our pregnancy.  When it came to the time to give birth, she was strong, present, and exactly the person we needed.Our hospital unfortunately made us more uncomfortable than not.  Due to covid, Krishna could not be in the birthing room with us, but she was on speaker on my phone for much of the birthing process.  She spoke to my wife when I wasn't the person my wife wanted to talk to (!) and helped her work through the dips in heart rate that had us scared.  She held space for my wife and helped her come to her own decisions, in a way that I felt I couldn't come close to doing.  It was a breather for me to know that we could count on her.It was on Krishna's suggestion that before the hospital, we went to a hotel room and danced through contractions for two hours!  It had us glowing, despite the struggle.  It helped break our anxiety right before entering the hospital, especially acute with covid.I can't recommend her enough.   She is a kind listener, knows just about every detail we ever needed, she's methodical, spiritually-minded, and the one to make sure our vulnerable birthing space was protected when we truly needed it.


Sonia11/17/2020Krishna is the best doula you can have!! She is extremely knowledgeable about the birthing process, postpartum recovery, newborn development & health and nutrition as a whole. She provides unwavering support throughout the whole process, even when she doesn't have to - she truly cares about mom and baby! If she doesn't know something, she takes initiative to look it up and shares concrete resources that have a huge impact on emotional & physical health. I was fortunate to have Krishna support me for both my babies. The 1st child she served as a postpartum doula. She had a very positive energy and was eager to help in any way that was meaningful to me, which at the time was encouraging & assisting me to take better care of myself physically. She provided guidance around nutrition and supported me to do night feedings, laundry, and even massaged my legs to help with my edema! For my 2nd child, I knew I wanted her to be there for both delivery and postpartum. I could tell Krishna had developed in her expertise greatly in those 3 years - the way she supported came from a place of experience and knowledge around creating a personalized birthing plan, breathing and movements that work for me and my partner, how to navigate pain and discussing the plan with providers in the delivery room. Most importantly, during my delivery, she supported me in a non-judgemental way no matter what decisions I made in those moments of intensity! I ended up needing a c-section and Krishna made me still feel empowered and proud to have had my experience. She naturally cares very much and has a way to connect and genuinely support for the best interest of mom and baby. She does this work from a place of love! Krishna is just a great person and makes it feel like you have a sister or best friend with you along this huge transitional time in your life - you will love her!  


Heli10/31/2020Thanks so much to Krishna for her advice. We are six months pregnant and healthier following her advice.We had been trying to conceive for 3 years. We had couple miscarriages. We were not able to conceive. We came to Krishna’s contact. She advised us to do metal detox, start healthy diets, take Co-Q10, vitamin D3, Prenatal Vitamins, etc. We changed our life style accordingly. This worked for us.Thanks once again Krishna. Appreciate the guidance and support!Thanks,Heli 