DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
6 TESTIMONIALS

Lucero Canada

RadaLune

Claremont, CA  Service range 50 miles

9096779454

https://radaluneservices.wixsite.com/radalune

Birth Fee

$1000 to $2000

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $50

CONTACT LUCERO VIEW LUCERO 'S AVAILABILITY

Elie Stone8/4/2023Lucero was our postpartum doula and I could not imagine (nor do i want to imagine) my "first 40 days" without her. She captures the idea of "mothering the mother" with such warmth and genuity, which is just what I needed in my healing journey. When we first spoke before the birth, I wanted to meet her in person and she was happy to come and meet in person to talk. She brought a little pamphlet to tell me about what foods I should get ready to stock in my kitchen so she could start cooking for me when baby came. She met my toddler and they immeidately hit it off. Once baby was born, she showed up with bags of cooking tools and ingredients and herbs. She cooked my whole family the most incredible meal from scratch, ran me a bath with herbs from her garden, made me a healing tea of herbs - all while wearing my baby so i could get a nap and a bath. And then swept up the floor and cleaned the kitchen before she left. This is how it was for 6 weeks. She always came with food and herbs and teas to help heal my body. She would not just cook for me, but the whole family. She would give me full body massages with homemade oils and tinctures. She would wrap me in a bellibind to help give my body support. She would wear my baby and play with my toddler all at the same time so i could rest. I am getting teary eyed just thinking about everything that she did for me. I would not have made it through without her. She became a part of our family. She built a special relationship with my toddler and my mother as they worked side by side to help me heal. My husband apprecaited her help so much and lvoed having her in our home. And to wrap it all up, at the end of my 6 weeks, Lucero performed the most touching, healing, empowering Closing of the Bones ceremony to honor my body and soul's journey. I felt so held and so taken care of and so cared for by Lucero. She is everything you would want in a doula, and a friend and fellow woman. She is forever a part of family now. 


Diana1/13/2023I'm so grateful Lucero was our birth doula! She advocated tirelessly for me and baby throughout our hospital birth. We didn't work start working together until pretty late in pregnancy, but she was amazing from our first virtual meeting. I had a lot of anxiety with this pregnancy and her energy was so calming, empathetic, and reassuring, and she helped guide me back to trusting my body and baby. She was super responsive and knowledgeable when I had questions in the last few weeks, and supported me throughout my two-part hospital experience in so many different ways. If Lucero hadn’t been there in my first hospital visit, I probably would’ve been pressured into a multi-day induction process. Instead, she led me through exercises to ease the pain of a Foley balloon induction, and — when that failed at the end of the day — empowered me to say no to the plan the OB was pushing (go on pitocin and wait in the hospital for an estimated 4 days for active labor to begin!). Instead, I got to go home that night, wait it out in comfort, and went into spontaneous labor just a few days later. During active labor and delivery, Lucero was there to ask questions of the doctors and nurses to make sure I knew all my options, guided me through exercises to get baby into a better position, and made sure I was as comfortable as possible. When exhaustion set in during multiple hours of pushing, she was there to cheer me on and recommend different positions. In the end, I was able to have the spontaneous vaginal delivery I had hoped for, in large part thanks to her expertise and support. Strongly recommend having Lucero in your corner!


Cindy Rios1/10/2023We met Lucero 12/16/22 when I was 38 weeks pregnant. She was extremely accommodating, kind & empathetic to our situation. That evening, my waters broke shortly after and we informed her. She gave us great advice to cuddle & rest. When I entered labor Lucero responded quickly, came to our home & was extremely kind & considerate. She gave me massages that helped with my contractions & taught my husband how to give them to me. She even explained to us what was happening with my body which helped calm me down since this was my first pregnancy. Despite having a horrible experience with our midwife. Lucero went above & beyond because she provided relief, kindness, encouragement and distractions with oils which smelled wonderful, encouragement, information & reminders of why I was doing an unmedicated home birth. Despite my cries, she maintained calmness & kindness. When I felt hopeless she encouraged me & validated my feelings while also reminding me why I was doing this. She kept the pool nice & warm when my baby was arriving & she lent me her strength to hold on to. If Lucero wasn't there at my home birth I'm not sure how I would've been able to pull through. She's helped & provided support for me & my family. Even my husband after meeting her said that a Doula like Lucero who advocates and encourages people who birth is necessary during childbirth. She understood my want for a decolonized birth & her kindness & warmth is something so rare, that I'm so happy to have her in our life & I feel honored having her at my birth. As my healing journey continues, she's been there for me & her kindness is genuine and sincere. Thank you again Lucero, for being such an amazing & rare soul. I'll definitely have her as my Doula or Midwife when I plan to have another baby in the future & I highly recommend her to my friends & family whenever we talk about our birth. Many thanks again.


Quianna11/6/2022Lucero, I could go on and on about this woman. Unfortunately I met her a week after I gave birth but turns out I really needed the postpartum support. She helped me work through my labor story. I was struggling mentally and physically weeks after delivery and finally asked for help. She helped lift my spirits and helped me heal in so many ways. She provided oils and teas that she prepared in advance that helped with my healing. She prepared an herbal bath that was soooo relaxing and guided me on my postpartum healing. She was so helpful and willing to help me, my husband, and my older children while she was here. My only complaint is that God didn't bring her into my life sooner so she could have helped me bring my son into the world that would have been such a blessing. But I am thankful to have someone to call for next time!!! So grateful to have her in my life now. She is truly a great woman and an amazing healer!


Danielle11/6/2022I can't say enough amazing things about Lucero! She was so knowledgeable about remedys and things prior to the birth to help with pain and discomfort I was having, which was so helpful. She always responded quickly to my text or calls. She set up a meeting on Zoom for me to even meet her backup doula's that would be available to help me if for some reason she couldn't make it down on time. That made me feel so much more comfortable knowing that someone would be there no matter what. She also met with my husband and I ahead of time to make sure we were on the same page about everything and that she knew our wishes for the labor. She was so helpful with recommending things my husband could do for me while I was laboring at home until we could get to the hospital, in case I needed relief. And then come the delivery, she was there for an entire day and night with us, went home for a few hours, and then came back again in the early morning hours to be there when I delivered. She massaged me during inbetween contractions when I was having extreme back labor, advised me on pumping and doing things to progress my labor, provided essential oils, put up calming things around the room and positive affirmations, and much more. She advocated for me and always questioned my midwife in the right way to make sure that I was getting all the proper information and that I knew the risks and benifits of the choices before making a decision. She kept me calm and worry free. And she was there cheering me on when I was pushing and telling me different positions to try. I really couldn't have done a 42 hour vbac labor without her help! I was able to do it naturally and I really believe it was because I had such a good support system. I am so happy I met her and I know she came into my life for a reason to welcome our baby girl into the world. Thank you Lucero! 


NAKAA Clark10/24/2022Nour is the sweetest person on earth! There's not enough words I can say about her, she is so soft spoken so informative so patient and is always willing to help. In the hardest times she is there supporting guiding and gently leading you to a more peaceful place. She is so informative. I love how much knowledge she has how much she's willing to pour into you. The help that she gives is from her heart. You can tell she cares about what she does. She takes great pride in human service and that shows every time you see her. 