DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
37 TESTIMONIALS

Lynzi Blacker CD/PCD(DONA)Lactation Consultant

@lynzidoula

Santa Barbara, CA  Service range 35 miles

8052458154

Birth Fee

$1800

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $50

Availability Remarks: I am available and an empty nester so able to be spontaneous.

CONTACT LYNZI VIEW LYNZI'S AVAILABILITY

Nicola Ledwith7/28/2023I hired Lynzi in the middle of my second trimester to help me prepare for the birth of our first child. She helped walk us through the birthing process and let us know what to expect every step of the way-- from pregnancy to giving birth, Lynzi was there to help guide me. Lynzi met with us during our pregnancy and provided us with some helpful information. She came right away when I was going into labor at home and met us at the hospital. Lynzi helped us make informed decisions at the hospital and it was incredibly helpful to have her by my side. After giving birth, Lynzi provided me with lactation support and helped me find positions that were comfortable for both me and the baby. I would absolutely recommend Lynzi's services to my friends! 


Carri6/2/2023I have been trying to write this review for some time, but I struggle every time I try to reflect on the birth of our twins. It is hard to put into words how grateful we are to Lynzi. She was a blessing during one of the most challenging times of our life.We had twin girls this past NYE. We hired Lynzi preemptively before the girls were born because I wanted the transition from one child (2 years old) to three children to go smoothly. I am very thankful that we did because it was a very challenging time. Just a quick summary of some of what we were going through: I went into labor at 35 weeks and spent about ten days in the hospital, one twin spent three weeks in the Neonatal Intensive Care, one came home from the hospital with me, my son was exposed to COVID while we were in the hospital and couldn't see him for over two weeks between my hospital stay and because we had two premature babies... It was a lot.Lynzi was there.Lynzi helped us in so many ways for 2-3 months after our girls were born. Lynzi frequently knew what I needed before I even knew myself. I rarely had to ask her to do anything after the first day or two. She knew what needed to be done around the house and did it (super efficiently, I have to say). She gave me time to heal when I otherwise wouldn't have had it. She would help us with meals, laundry, and cleaning, let me nap or shower without guilt, and stay overnight so my husband and I could sleep. She was great with my son. She would make me food when I would neglect myself. She would care for our twin at home so my husband and I could go to the NICU together when I couldn't drive to visit the other twin. It felt like she filled the role that my mom would have if she had been able to be here and not been 2000 miles away.I recommend Lynzi as a postpartum doula. She is so caring and such a wonderful human being. I'm not sure what we would have done without her. We loved her and are so grateful for her.


Claudia3/21/2023Long story short: every mother-to-be/new mother should have a Lynzi in their life. I contacted her by the end of my first pregnancy second trimester and she was THE BIGGEST HELP, including post-partum. She was incredibly supportive and informative during pregnancy and always responded to my doubts and questions. Unfortunately, she wasn’t able to be in my labor since I tested positive for Covid and the hospital policies didn’t allow her to be there, but she was constantly on top of the situation via phone. After giving birth, she helped me immensely as a lactation consultant during the first weeks. My baby was having trouble latching and she taught me how to help him and improve the feeds. Thanks to her advice, breastfeeding has been a smooth road since then. I would have given up without her. Furthermore, Lynzi has also recently helped me with my baby’s sleep. After four months of sleep deprivation, she spent a whole day with us assessing my baby and teaching him how to self-sooth, which has been life-changing for our little family.


Jessica M2/16/2023Working with Lynzi was such a wonderful experience! She is extremely knowledgeable about pregnancy, labor and post partum care. I really wish I had her as my doula for my first child's birth. She gaves us a ton of helpful resources and tools that not only empowered me for labor but made the whole process go smoothly. She is a warm, calmly presence and was very hands on during labor and very prepared with everything I could possibly need during it. After the birth, she helped me with starting my breastfeeding journey out right since I had trouble with my first one. Because of her knowledge and advice on breastfeeding, I have had the best breastfeeding journey with my second child. I highly recommend Lynzi as a doula! She is amazing to work with. 


Sina2/12/2023Lynzi is an exceptional doula who provided unwavering support and care to our family during our journey to welcoming our first child. From the moment we met her, we felt at ease and knew she was the right person to be by our side. Her warm and compassionate demeanor made us feel like we had known her for years.Lynzi's expertise and guidance during pregnancy was invaluable. From her recommendations for childbirth classes to her support during labor, she was always there for us. Despite our birth not going as planned - I had to have a C-section - Lynzi stayed with us for as long as possible and provided comfort and support to both myself and my partner during a difficult time.In the early postpartum months, Lynzi has been a lifesaver, especially for me. As first-time parents without close family nearby, her support has been invaluable. Her willingness to listen, offer reassurance and help navigate the early postpartum months has been a true blessing for both myself and my partner.I am extremely thankful for her and how gracious she has been with her time and support for our family.We wholeheartedly recommend Lynzi to any new family looking for a supportive, caring, and loving doula. She truly made a huge impact on our journey and we are forever grateful for her presence in our lives.


Kelly10/6/2022We had a fantastic experience with Lynzi who truly went above and beyond to ensure I had the best possible birthing experience. I really appreciated meeting in advance to go over everything and build rapport, so we were all really comfortable going into the hospital. Lynzi patiently answered all our questions and respected all my decisions. I really appreciated the way she included my husband in the process all along, and especially during labor and delivery. Without family nearby, we felt so supported by Lynzi and were so grateful to have her available via text and facetime whenever we needed her. Her visit after we were home from the hospital was so helpful and we learned so much from her. When I was past my due date and facing decisions about induction, Lynzi grasciously connected us with other clients of hers who had just gone through a similar experience and hosted a really productive discussion. We learned so much from the other couple- and Lynzi of course. Highly recommend using Lynzi if you are seeking to feel comfortable and supported throughout the entire pregnancy, delivery, and after. Thank you Lynzi!! 


Shelley Su9/20/2022We hired Lynzi as our doula in hopes of having an unmedicated birth for our third and final baby. My first two pregnancies involved an epidural and traditional pushing on my back. Lynzi was warm from the initial phone consultation and asked many questions to get a sense of the type of birth experience our family wanted. Throughout pregnancy, she offered resources and information - all in service of us making the most informed decisions rather than deciding for us. I had contractions and many false alarms the week leading up to birth, and she was always ready to support us if it was time. On the day of labor, she was so accurate in the timeline of coming to our home, going to the hospital, and delivery time. She was compassionate, always asking if I needed coaching, and supporting my husband to help me. She has a natural intuition about labor progression and suggested different positions for labor and pushing. Ultimately, we were able to have our unmedicated experience and I am convinced this was not be possible without her. It was a wonderful way to end our pregnancy and labor journey, and she’ll always be apart of that end. PS - rent the TENS!!


Alessandra8/10/2022First things first, our “plan” from the beginning was a “natural” birth in the hospital. That being said, we had known and Lynzi had reminded us that birth plans only go so far, and you really just never know what’s going to happen. In our case, our perfect plan was entirely side railed due to iugr resulting in an induction at 38 weeks, a cooks balloon, and then an epidural and IV fluids. Needless to say, not the situation we had been hoping for, BUT, and this is what’s truly important, in the end we had a beautiful birth to a healthy little girl and Lynzi was there supporting us at every turn! Before we go on, and for those that don’t want to read on, we would have Lynzi as our doula any day of the week!? pre-birth: Lynzi provides an assortment of services pre-birth, but what we found most useful was the education she provided us on how to advocate for ourselves in the hospital , organizing a list of items we should bring to the hospital, suggestions of birth classes which we did participate in, and overall emotional support given our iugr situation.? Labor / birth: during the induction period prior to my water breaking Lynzi came several times and helped with positions and stretches, stayed in the room while my spouse went home to shower, gave foot messages and just provided excellent support. The most amazing of which was a 6 hr period of intense contractions and pain associate with the cooks balloon where she re-assured my spouse and gave me constant foot messages which I was so grateful for. Ultimately my spouse and I agreed that it would be untenable to keep going with the cooks balloon without the pain relief and we decided the epidural was the best choice During active labor and birth, Lynzi helped with positioning, instructed my spouse on how to help and where to be, provided ice chips and water, and then guided me through the contractions all the way until the birth of our beautiful girl


Jen Slemp3/31/2022Lynzi set me up for success before I arrived at the hospital. As a first time, single mom, it was very important to have her in the room with me. During our time there, she helped me with my bath & she helped to make sure the birth went exactly as I wanted including the helpful baths & epidural. When I was pushing, she insisted the nurse call my Obgyn. When he was born, she made sure cutting the cord was delayed & that he latched asap. She took photos & orchestrated so much! She visited me every day in the hospital & when I was home, helped me secure donor milk when mine didn't come in within 5 days. She was the perfect person for me and I would honestly use her again if I decided to have another child because the birth was perfect with her help. 


Sarah3/17/2022Lynzi was an amazing to support to me, my husband and our twins. She assisted at our home birth and then a few overnights a week for 2 months afterwards. She stayed with us for 24 hours after the birth, which had been much more difficult than expected, acting more as a nurse than a doula. I'm not sure what we would have done without her. I had a lot of breastfeeding pain and difficulties that made my recovery from the birth more challenging. She has a good balance of kindness and getting down to business. She is very knowledgeable on infant care and breastfeeding, which was especially valuable for us as first-time parents. She was sweet with the twins, and we felt entirely confident to leave them with her while we slept. She was also able to get an incredible amount of housework done while caring for the twins. There was a great feeling of relief the evenings she came that everything would be okay. We worked with a number of doulas, and Lynzi was exceptional. 


Lauren Clark2/25/2022My husband Nick and I are beyond happy we found Lynzi during our pregnancy/childbirth journey.She is such a wealth of knowledge, and she provided us with so much mental and physical support throughout the entire experience. I had a very long (72 hour!) labor, which ended in my dream birth, however without Lynzi's guidance and unwavering support I am not sure it would have gone as well as it did! She supported me in every way possible, made sure my husband was able to get rest and feel confident in his support role, and assured us along the way that everything was progressing exactly as it should. As first-time parents, her calm and experienced presence provided us with so much peace in what easily could have been a stressful and overwhelming situation. After a short stay in NICU we also had some challenges getting our son to latch, but in our follow up visit Lynzi coached us on exactly what we had to do to ensure we got a great latch, and since then our breastfeeding journey has been a joy!We could not reccomend Lynzi more - she is truly and angel who has found her calling helping parent's bring their babies earthside! 


Anandhi Narasimhan2/24/2022 My husband was suffering from metastatic melanoma and couldn't be with me for much of my labor induction. When I connected with Lynzi, she was so nurturing and caring about my situation and even though she was very busy, she was willing to help me. She met me at the hospital and was there throughout my labor. She is very knowledgable in positioning, pain relief techniques, and guided me on what quetsions to ask to advocate for myself. She would discuss my progress with the nurses and doctor, and took copious notes on timing of different medications and medical updates. All along I didn't know she was also updating my husband on everything that was going on. She made sure he was comfortable when he arrived and that he was able to participate in supporting me the best he could. When it was decided that I had to be taken for a c-section, Lynzi stayed for that as my husband could no longer physically do so. She was running on little sleep but extended herself. Lynzi will also listen to your feedback and ultimately let you make informed decisions for yourself. For example, after I discussed with the nurse and decided that I would like antibiotic ointment for my baby's eyes, Lynzi respected my decision to do so. Also she gave her opinion on having my baby evaluated for tongue tie, and although the pediatrician thought we should wait and luckily it did seem to work out fine, having her advocate for a closer look at that was helpful. After my deliver she drove all the way from Santa Barbara to Oxnard the next morning to help me with feeding, something she didn't have to do. She also still checks in with me, has people praying and even offering to feed me after my husband passed away soon after my delivery. For all of that I will always be appreciative of her. Love you Lynzi! Anandhi


Vanessa1/11/2022I had a great experience with Lynzi. Lynzi made her self very available and before, during, and after my brith.  I was a little futher away from her than most of her mothers but she always did her best to accomodate me dispite the distance. Lynzi is very knowledgable and has numerous resources to share. That was really important for me because I'm a person who likes to have all the information and know exactly what to expect. She also shared a variety of pain managment methods and tools that I would have not been aware of otherwise. I was trying to have a unmedicated birth so I wanted to have all the tools I could. I ended up being enduced and got an epidural but Lynzi helped me along the way as my plan changed. I was unfortunatly not able to have her with me during my delivery since I went through my last stages faster than she could get to the hospital but she saved me when it came to breastfeeding. She helped me figure out the basics right after delivery and helped me at home when I was about to give up. The pain was greater than anyone had warned me of so I thought breatfeeding just wasn't for me but Lynzi gave me tips to help me get through it and fixed my latch. 


Maria1/9/2022I highly recommend Lynzi! Her skill, experience, and calm demeanor are a huge asset for any expectant mother. We hired Lynzi to be our doula for the birth of our second son. The birth of my first son was traumatic, and Lynzi helped me and my husband overcome our fears.  We ended up having a great birth experience thanks to Lynzi.  She gave us so much information at our prenatal appointments, we felt like we were very well prepared.  The day of the birth she was very supportive, she explained all the options that we had and helped us make decisions that were right for us and our situation. Her TENS machine was extremely helpful during contractions. My recovery was also very smooth due to the birth experience which Lynzi helped facilitate.


elena11/9/2021I feel that for Lynzi being a doula is way more than a job, or even a profession, it’s a calling. She is a wonderful human being and this translates into the care that she puts into what she does, an essential aspect to be found in the person with whom you are sharing one of the most important moments of your life. In the prenatal meetings she carefully explored and explained the various stages of labor and relaxation techniques, while providing insights and advice towards the drafting of a birth plan that would mirror your specific desires and needs. Lynzi makes an effort to understand your specific situation, and she connects with the woman she is assisting way beyond the mere contingencies of the delivery. Lynzi helped and supported me during the last months of my pregnancy, tainted by a tragic family loss, and she was an invaluable partner - for me that I’m a single mother - during the days I was at the hospital before and during birth. She helped mediating with the hospital staff while morally and physically supported my decisions to resort to medical interventions for pain control. The use of the TENS machine - which is almost a rarity here but commonly used in England - was of extreme relief during contractions and the pushing phase. I am also very lucky to have Lynzi as a postpartum doula and her support and assistance in the house is key for mine and my daughter’s well-being. She gave me valuable advice on swaddling, sleeping, and breastfeeding. She helped with the first latch a few minutes after my daughter’s birth, and since then we have had no problems at all with breastfeeding, wonderful considering I can nurse just with one breast. Her professionalism and empathy are unquestionable. 


Gina10/30/2021I reached out to Lynzi because I needed a birth coach who was experienced. I am so grateful for her and all her knowledge. She is genuine and straightforward. I was in a position where I was having to stand up against doctors and hospital policy because I wanted a vbac. She could have easily said she didn't want to get involved. I totally would've understood. But she agreed to help me. I ended up having a great experience delivering my baby naturally with my husband and Lynzi by my side. I would definitely recommend Lynzi for any mother looking for a doula. If I have another baby I will call Lynzi in a heartbeat to help me again. 


Anna Flores10/27/2021I am grateful for the support I had from Lynzi during pregnancy and delivery. As first time parents, we knew it was important for us to have the necessary support in order to be familiar and comfortable with the birthing process. I can truly say I had an empowering birth. Did it go exactly to plan? No. But I was able to have an unmedicated birth and I am proud of my body for doing what it was built to do. Lynzi met with us during our pregnancy and provided us with resources to help guide us during this journey. I learned so much about pregnancy/delivery I felt very prepared come by due date. Lynzi was a great support during labor, guiding my partner in how to support me through each contraction. She helped us understand our options when difficult decisions had to be made.  Lynzi continued to support us postpardum with home visits. She helped me to process my delivery and was validating to my experience. I highly recommend finding a doula that you connect and feel comfortable with. Thank you Lynzi, we are so grateful for you! 


Amber & Erik9/6/2021I honestly would not want to have gone through this experience without Lynzi! There are so many unknowns and having her there to guide us through and reassure us on what was normal or make decisions on what to do next is some thing a appreciate immensely about our experience. She helped guide my husband, she intervened enough to keep things moving but not too much where I wanted to kill anyone. She worked very well with Dr. Drake and my intense labor and delivery was void of any concerned that we were all the best team I could have asked for. I HIGHLY recommend meeting lynzi! We knew from our interview that her personality was going to be just right for our experience, and through the whole process our expectations were more than met. Erik and I walked (well waddled!) away completely fulfilled that we had the exact experience we had been hoping for. 


Sarah9/1/2021My husband and I hired Lynzi to be our birth doula. I knew I wanted to minimize the number of interventions used during childbirth (but was not closed off to them if needed), but I was terrified of childbirth. I wasn't sure how I, or my husband who doesn't do well with blood, would get through the birth. I ended up with no interventions other than an episiotomy at the very end because my baby's head was 99th percentile.Lynzi helped prepare us for bith and for working with Cottage Hospital with her book of resources and prenatal sessions. Via text message, she guided us through two early labor false alarms and a "is my water broken?" hospital visit false alarm. This guidance was incredibly helpful both for our anxiety, since she responds much faster than the OB office, and also in helping us advocate for the outcomes we wanted. We had a long time to wait because our baby was twelve days late, but her resources and reminders I think helped us (narrowly) avoid induction (running 14+ days late is very common in my family).My husband and I don't know how we would have gotten through the labor without her. With her TENS device, I was able to labor for several hours in bed, while going out to breakfast, and even making a quick run to Target (yes, contractions in the store). She met us at our home while I was in the bathtub and helped me cope while giving instructions to husband. We were able to minimize the time in the hospital, which I desired due to COVID and wanting to limit interventions. She made sure I got water and supported/advocated for me when I wanted different positions than the on-call OB. My husband greatly appreciated her instructions, so that he could be (confidently) helpful and totally involved.Lynzi's postpartum visits (included + paid) have been critical in helping us clueless new parents survive the first couple of weeks.If we have another child in this area, we hope to work with Lynzi again.


Monique Fierro8/30/2021My husband and I were so grateful to have Lynzi's support throughout the pregnancy and birth process. Lynzi went out of her way to support us through lots of difficult medical decisions. I highly recommend working with Lynzi as your doula. There are so many complex and difficult things that come up - especially as a first time mom. Having Lynzi's support made all the difference. 


Heather Keith8/29/2021In June of this year, our family doubled — we were blessed with twins but quickly realized just how much work it would take. In stepped Lynzi and she immediately felt like family. The twins love her, she quickly helped us get some *much* needed sleep during the first few week…but she provided *so* much more than a good night’s sleep. Her depth of knowledge about babies, proper techniques, and simple tips and tricks helped bring a calm to our household as we tried to keep our heads above water. She was quite professional, a hard worker (she always offered to help with our laundry and cooking), and she was an all-around source of encouragement and much-needed emotional support during the weeks following the birth. And, thanks to her lovely British accent, we still find ourselves speaking to our twins like the Queen of England every now and then. :) Thank you, Lynzi — our family was truly blessed to have your help during those early weeks!


Aimee8/29/2021Lynzi is absolutely amazing! She helped me through my pregnancy, delivery, and now postpartum. She provides ample information and resources but is also there on a personal level. Very knowledgeable and responsive. My delivery didn't go as I had hoped and Lynzi was there coaching me and supporting me through it all. She has been so valuable postpartum helping me with breastfeeding and the endless questions surrounding my newborn. She is excellent with my son and I feel confident and calm when he is in her care. It is very apparent that she loves her moms and what she does. I cannot recommend her enough! 


Laurel7/13/2021I highly recommend Lynzi. She has many years of experience and was an amazing resource for my husband and I for the preparation for and during the hospital birth of our first, our daughter, born this June. There is outstanding value for her reasonable fee in having her come to your home for two personalized sessions as well as being committed to being fully on call two weeks before the birth. Lynzi puts together a binder of inforamtion for you and offers many straightforward options including different tools and comfort measures for preparation and labor, and also fully respects and works with your choices. She also was in good contact during the pregnancy with tips including videos and checking in regularly. 


Kim McGillis5/7/2021We decided pretty late into pregnancy to hire a doula, and so thankful that we found Lynzi!  Even though I was mere weeks away from giving birth, Lynzi did an amazing job of catching us up on educational content in those short weeks, when I previously didn't know where to start. She worked with me to practice some great stretches, and different movements to prep for labor.  She also knew I was feeling pretty anxious about what to expect, so she worked with us to help set realistic expectations, and give us all the knowledge to go into L&D confident and ready to go.When it was time to go to the hospital, Lynzi was available all hours, ready to join us when the time was right.  We ended up being sent home after our first hospital visit and then came back a week later (later than expected) and she was still there for us at the drop of a hat!  It felt really good knowing that we weren't alone, and had someone there to help ask the right questions.During labor, Lynzi was incredibly helpful! She knows all of the counter pressures, she helped us try different laboring positions, helped get our room into a zen space with music, lighting and essential oils.  She's incredibly knowledgeable, and also was very supportive of me and my partner during this time.  I eventually had an epidural, and she also helped make sure I was getting into good positions during that time to keep labor progressing.  Through a very very long multi day long process, Lynzi was our rock.If you are on the fence about hiring a doula, I strongly recommend hiring Lynzi!  She's amazing, and also offers postnatal doula support as well.


Catherine Hayden4/18/2021As you read these reviews, it's clear that Lynzi is an incredibly special Doula and person. To say I don't know how I would have managed birth and the intense 4th trimester that follows is an understatement. I'll share a few examples to give you an idea of how Lynzi works and how talented she is.Nearing my delivery, Lynzi could sense I was stressed and impatient to deliver, I was approaching 41 weeks and I was really hoping to not have an induction. Lynzi knew a beach walk and face-to-face talk would reset how I was feeling, I was able to let go of unnecessary stress and days later I delivered.Next was my delivery, our daughter came into this world FAST! Contractions started at 6pm and Lynzi was there to talk me through what to expect. We thought I would deliver the next morning since this was our first, so Lynzi left. Within 45 min of Lynzi leaving the pain was more than I could take and Lynzi immediately came back and got us prepared for the hospital. The hospital was a sequence of dramatic events, water breaking in the lobby, only making it to the triage delivery room because she was coming so quickly, and no epidural. 45 min later our little girl arrived. Lynzi coached us from home to delivery and helped me maintain a sense of calm (as much as possible) in the most intense moment of my life.Last but certainly not least was the two months of post-partum doula support we had from Lynzi. Lynzi taught me how to take care of a newborn, breastfeed, helped get our daughter on a regular schedule, coached me how to go to the grocery store and run errands with a new baby, proactively organized, cleaned, and kept things in meticulous order, and always provided support on my toughest days, especially when I went back to work and was learning how to balance work and new mamahood. Lynzi is truly an extension of our family and will always be in our lives. I couldn't imagine working with anyone else. 


Esra4/12/2021I can not imagine delivering my second baby without Lynzi’s support. She is truly incredible. I am writing this testimonial because every woman deserves a wonderful birth experience, and Lynzi is an amazing support person. There are countless examples to tell why everyone should consider hiring Lynzi, and here are only some of them: - She checked with me every day during the last few weeks of my pregnancy and guided me wonderfully through this stressful process. While I took a childbirth class before meeting Lynzi, Lynzi’s daily suggestions and tips to prepare me for labor far more exceeded the class I took.  For example, had she not encouraged me to discuss the 41-week option with my ob/gyn, I could have ended up being induced hours before my actual labor. - During the labor, when I first heard that the baby is in the posterior position, I felt hopeless. But Lynzi encouraged me to use the bathtub; and while we were in the bathtub, the baby changed his position so quickly. It was Lynzi’s support that helped me to overcome all circumstances in labor.- I was in so much pain towards the end of my labor and wanted an epidural despite underlining a completely natural birth in my birth plan. Lynzi suggested to me to go through contractions 1 one 1.  Instead of using a general statement, she was suggesting a manageable goal. Her suggestion incredibly helped me. I decided to go one by one while I was only 6 cm dilated, and incredibly, I was in the pushing process after about 3 or 4 more contractions. - I hired Lynzi only as a birth doula, but after checking with me about my breastfeeding experiences and baby’s health, she also visited me twice to make sure I have a wonderful postpartum experience. All these were bonus services she provided.Overall, I can not thank Lynzi enough for what she has done for us during my labor and postpartum process.


Chantal2/10/2021Lynzi was highly recommended to us by multiple people in the birth community who we trusted. She came in at just the right time to help us when we were struggling with our newborn. She seemed to us to be very much a 'baby whisperer' and we were relieved and grateful for her support. She very much went above and beyond in terms of her kindness and support, particularly when we were really in need. She also cares a lot about connecting and building community, which she does naturally. We are so glad to know her and would recommend her to anyone!


David Rachford1/4/2021You wouldn't attempt go climb Mt Everest without a Sherpa to guide you safely to the top. I can't imagine going through birth without a doula.  And Lynzi is a great one; super experienced.  We went to Cottage with a birth plan, and having Lynzi helped us stick to it.My wife had a long labor, early labor at home for about 30 hours, another 18 hours of active labor at the hospital, and then a quick transition to birth.  All with no interventions.  Our baby is healthy and mama is doing well.  Thank you Lynzi! We interviewed a couple doulas before hiring Lynzi; her experience and calm energy stood out.  We are so happy to have had her along.  As the dad during COVID, I wasn't able to attend any pre-natal doctor appointments.  But once we hired Lynzi, i was able to be around when my wife & Lynzi met. Lynzi also coached me on how to support my wife and be of service during labor.   


Jamie S.1/3/2021Lynzi is truly beyond what I was expecting from a doula. She is a dynamo! She is intuitive and very helpful with pretty much everything. This is my fourth child and we have never used a doula before. Lynzi was very supportive from the beginning. She helped prepare meals for my whole family months before the baby was born. She also had great recommendations before he was born for useful gear to buy. She is highly qualified, dona certified and also has 4 grown children of her own. She is an excellent cook and made amazing food every night not only for me as a nursing mom but also for the whole family while I rested and nursed, which was such an invaluable help during the newborn weeks. Lynzi can also help with the grocery shopping and she organized the nursery in such a nice way. She was so nurturing with our baby and had helpful recommendations from watching how he sleeps and caring for him. She clearly loves what she does! I am so grateful for the sleep and quality time I got with the baby while she was here, for the breastfeeding support she provided and for the nutrient rich yummy food she prepared. Lynzi was a wonderful and invaluable addition to our home at such an intimate time- my other kids really loved having her in our home too!! If could have had Lynzi for even more hours in the day I would have.


Anna Murphy12/11/2020Lynzi helped us with postpartum care when our daughter was 7 months old and I was transitioning back to work. She was punctutal, trustworthy, easy to communicate with and obviously very passionate about her profession. I wish we would have found her earlier because she was amazing. She helped us with everything from getting our daytime and nap schedule down, transitioning to solids, swimming lessons, and navigating food allergies just to name a few.  She also meal prepped and cooked for the baby and for my husband and me. She is an excellent cook. I wish she could have stayed with us longer and I would highly reccomend her. I will absolutely be hiring Lynzi again when if I am so lucky as to have another baby. Her help and guidance was priceless. 


Devyn Gehret5/21/2020To say I don’t know where I would be without Lynzi is an understatement.  As a new mother, during the most trying pandemic times,  Lynzi has been the best thing that ever happened to me. Lynzi fit so many roles – describing her as merely a “doula” does not cut it. Her shifts were mainly overnight, but she provided around the clock support. She was always accessible with advice and incredible assistance during any emergency or basic question, and she did not waste one minute of her time with us - teaching me and showing me how to care for my daughter on my own every step of the way – judgment-free, with complete patience and utter kindness. Her motto was to work her way out of a job by instilling in me the confidence and tools that I needed do it on my own. It is also important to mention that amidst these terrifying times of the corona virus, I felt so secure and comfortable with her caring for my newborn… she followed all safety protocols and social distancing guidelines. I trusted her fully – and I don’t trust easily, especially when it comes to being with the most important person in my life – my baby girl. Notwithstanding her professional demeanor and top-notch experience with babies, Lynzi is also incredibly emotionally intelligent – a trait that I wish all people in this profession ought to have but surely don’t.  If only I could keep Lynzi on forever I would! Her services are truly invaluable. Anyone who gets to have her as his or her doula has certainly won the lottery.


Gillian Gonzalez4/19/2020I can not think of a moment where Lynzi had her own adjenda, wanted to push her beliefs or ideas on us or did not recognize and meet our unique needs.  My husband and I wanted what was best for the baby and mama, this meant we were okay with a Csection, Epidural, and Pitocin.  Lynzi did a great job of balancing educating us in a nonbiased way and supporting us through every decision- natural and "unnatural".  She clearly had extensive experience with both natural births as well as C-sections, and the use of epidural and Pitocin.  Prior to our 60.5-hour labor, she was available via phone call, email, and text. She shared her ideas and experience as well as outside resources.  She did a great job of reading our reactions to her ideas and tailoring her suggestions to what we needed. My husband and I did not do a good job of clearly expressing these needs, but somehow Lynzi was attuned to what we wanted and needed! Each exercise, stretch, suggestion, prior to and during labor. was meant to help prepare me for labor, keep me dilating during labor, comfortable and as emotionally and physically relaxed as I could be.  She was available when I called her at 2 in the morning, she stayed overnight in the chair in our room and she even brought my husband coffee every morning!!  During labor she communicated with the nurses and doctor when things were confusing for me and my husband, she respected the wishes and experience of the doctor and nurses and was able to support the whole team.  The nurses were even amazed at her knowledge and suggestions!! For the number of births, she has helped through her prices are AMAZING and worth every penny! She was emotionally and physically invested in our journey and never once was she too tired to be there to help us. I can not say enough good things about our experience with Lynzi and highly recommend her to anyone! 


Emily4/18/2020Lynzi was an amazing part of our birthing team. As first time parents we enjoyed preparing for our birth together and are thankful for all her support leading up to "the day!" She was always well prepared and available to talk with/ ask questions- she has a wealth of experience and knowledge. Her sweet smile and calm confident presence is invaluable. We are so thankful for the role she was able to play in bringing our baby boy into our life!  Thank you, Lynzi! 


Heather4/17/2020I found Lynzi to be hard worker, punctual, honest and knowledgeable about newborns. Lynzi was also open to direct communication which is especially important with in-home care. Really appreciated Lynzi's help and she taught me a lot! Thank you, Lynzi!


Kristy4/17/2020Lynzi - or should I say my Mary Poppins, was a life savor.  She was so kindhearted to come to our rescue.   I had my son Kayson and realized I needed support.  She came to help us when we was around 3 months.  She gave us so much of her time.  Being that she has boys of her own she has so much experience and capability.   With that she gave me advice and ideas in caring for Kayson, from his health to figuring naps and schedule.  I felt very comfortable and secure in her presence.  She also helped me personally as well, as becoming a mother is hard, and life around you changes. She helped me with getting my work done and my personal dilemmas.  I can't recommend her enough, as she is very qualified to meet your needs and will exceed them.  She is a wonderful woman and will always be our Mary Poppins.Kristy (May 01, 2019)Thankyou!!


Megan3/3/2020When my son was 2-3 weeks old we were exhausted and just needed a longer stretch of sleep! He had been going through a growth spurt and was cluster feeding, leaving us exhausted. We reached out to Lynzi and she was able to come help us that evening, from about 10pm-6am. She made the process very easy. I would nurse my son, and then she would come into our room and bring him to his nursery to burp him and soothe him back to sleep. If he wasn't ready to go back to sleep, she kept him with her and soothed him so that we could keep sleeping. This allowed me to sleep for a total of 7 hours that night and my husband got a full night of sleep! It was the breath of fresh air that we needed! Lynzi is so loving and knowledgeable, we really trusted her to take good care of our son while we got caught up on some sleep. I was so curious of Lynzi's thoughts on our son after spending time with him that night, and I wanted any tips she may have to help him. We had her come back during the daytime and she was able to share valuable tips about nursing him, relieving his gas/wind, how to carry out our daily routine with him, and a lot more! Since then, we've texted Lynzi with questions and she is always so kind and responsive! We would highly recommend Lynzi!!


Fermin Gutierrez2/26/2020Lynzi stepped in towards the last months of my wife's pregnancy and it was a great experience. She is very passionate for what she does and loves to share her experience with fmailies that are expecting. Her ability to sense fear and address calmness in a room is incredible. She asks the doctors important questions we would have never thought of. Most importantly, Lynzi respects your ideas as a mother and does her best to assist you in all areas without overstepping. We would highly recommend Lynzi and we will be needing her help with our next baby, or two, or three. 