DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
6 TESTIMONIALS

Marta Barensfeld

Marta Barensfeld Birth + Baby

Half Moon Bay, CA  Service range 25 miles 

https://martabarensfeld.com/

Birth Fee

$1900 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$60 to $65

CONTACT MARTA VIEW MARTA'S AVAILABILITY

Cherry11/11/2021Having Marta & Hannah by my side through the pregnancy was one of the best decisions my husband and I made. I highly recommend working with Marta & Hannah. They were the dream team, and we're so grateful to have met them.At first, I was skeptical about hiring a doula because I didn't quite understand the value doula brings to the pregnancy journey. However, many of my good friends highly recommend working with someone. Through research and connections, eventually, we were fortunate to meet Hannah & Marta.We want to be informed enough to make the right decisions about my well-being and preparation for birth, mentally, physically, and emotionally. There was a lot of the unknown, given that this was our first pregnancy journey. While we have lots of trusted friends & family with a ton of helpful information, it was too overwhelming. Marta & Hannah guided us through the process and provided us with the right amount of information we needed at the right time. It was so important to have them by our side, to hear our concerns, and provide a sense of calm and reassurance in our preferences. I felt confident and at ease about my childbirth experience. My husband was prepared and knew that he had the support he needed to take care of me.I wanted a natural birth. I ended up with a 36 hrs long labor at the hospital with very little intervention. We had a healthy baby boy. It was long and intensive, but I appreciate every moment of it. Marta & Hannah were there by my side the entire experience. It would have been much more challenging mentally and physically without their support. They made sure that I moved around, explored different positions during labor, and helped me cope with the intensity with various counter pressure techniques. They knew to step back when I needed my space and knew to step in when I needed them.Just hire Marta & Hannah, you won't regret it. 


Elise Gasper1/9/2020I can highly reccomend Marta's doula services. She was a caring, calming presence in her in-home visits with us prior to our baby's birth, and she was open, informative, and fun! She filled in gaps and calmed fears, she has a very positive attitude and was extremely organized and professional.I had a challenging 30 hour labor that had many twists and turns - we started with the intention of an unmedicated labor and ended up with a cesarean before my 10.5lb (!) daughter was born. We had to make a lot of decisions and changes of course throughout, and Marta was there every step of the way. She was really supportive of me, but it was her special support for my husband during the dicier moments that I am truly, truly grateful for. Marta was a steady partner through all of it for both of us. My whole family was so glad that she was there with us. Marta is super even keeled, with a very strong backbone and incredible endurance - we were so lucky to have her by our side.


Reyna Benbow1/4/2020Marta is an extremely kind and compassionate liason that will guide your birth experience to fit your needs. Having a doula sounded like a strange idea to me before my experience with Marta, she both listened and lead me and my husband through a process that was completly foreign to us and made us feel comfortable in doing so. She is knowledgeable and helpful and a great resource to have whether you're embarking on this journey for the first time or not. This was my first baby and I really didn't know what to expect. I had seen a couple of my friends go throught the process and had done some reading but it's really difficult to imagine how it's going to be and what you will need in the process. Marta met with us several tiems before the brth to walk us through the process and to go over the logistics and create a plan that would work for us. She went through breathing exercises and partner comfort techniques and helped us create a birth plan that would guide us through. When the day came Marta was right there with us, my husband called her when I went in to labor and she coached him over the phone and then met us at the hospital when we were admitted. Marta stayed with us throughout my 27 hours of labor and acted as a calming presence, coach, masseuse, advocate, DJ, mood-setter, and many more things I can't even thank her for. SHe stayed until after my baby was delivered and assisted with breastfeeding and latching as well.Having a doula was a great decision for us as it makes the birth process so much more personal and understandable and I cant imagine having a douls that is more caring, comforting, and loving than Marta. Thank you!


Michelle Stauffer11/13/2019Marta is an incredible woman who cares deeply about people. She has the most calming, caring and down to earth energy. She was there for me as a sounding board and friend during my pregancy with open ears and was a resource of information when I had questions. Marta also did my placenta encapsulation and I wouldn't have wanted it done by anyone else. She came over shorlty after my baby was born with the pills a batch of herbal tea she made, so thoughtful! She sat with me and cried as I told her my birth story, I really needed that at the time. I only wish I had had Marta as my Doula as well. Marta is professional, smart and such a lovely person. I highly recommend her and truly adore her! 


Astireh Baradari10/3/2018I describe Marta as an angle.She is the best in her job. Excellent Doula and photographer.I believe this is the best combination.She made one of the beautiful moments of my life brighter.If you are looking for a lovely and helpful Doula to be with you in your beautiful journey of birth I truly recommend Marta. When we met Marta for the first time in our home I felt her warm and positive energy of her at first glance .She knew everything you need to guid you. You need lovely hands to relieve you in labor and then hold your baby, she has them. She is your voice for all you need in hospital.When she was with us I felt that my best friend was with me. She has kind hands for massage and she knows about aromatherapy.She was a big support for my husband, my older son and I.


joanna scott9/14/2018I had the pleasure of having Marta as my doula for my first birth. From our inital meeting over the phone I could feel her warmness and nurting attitude. During my birth I was amazed at how she knew exactly when I needed her touch as well as when I needed to be left alone. She was also a huge support for my partner as well and brought a great balance to the room (my best friend and mom were there also). I feel extremely lucky to have had her present during my birth and would totally recommend her to anyone looking for a doula!