DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
13 TESTIMONIALS

Megan Chadwick

Megan Chadwick Doula

Pasadena, CA  Service range 50 miles  Request payment for mileage over 25 miles

(510)926-9180

https://www.meganchadwickdoula.com/

Birth Fee

$2600 to $3250

Postpartum Rate

$40

CONTACT MEGAN VIEW MEGAN'S AVAILABILITY

Rachel Pagan8/29/2020When I found out I was pregnant with my 2nd baby, I jumped at the idea of having Megan be part of my prenatal/birthing and post natal journey. Megan is beyond kind, empathetic, informative and most importantly supportive. It was truly a gift having Megan be part of such a magical time in my family's life, and for that I'm eternally grateful. Fun fact! Megan, guessed our baby's name about an hour before giving birth, and it wasn't a common name! I'd highly recommend Megan and her beautiful spirit to any and all my pregnant friends + family. She is a delight and has the most calming energy! Thank you Megan for all your love and support. We adore you!  


Abby Lessem8/28/2020i had an extremely difficult pregnancy, wherein i suffered from hyperemesis gravidarum the entire time. i hired megan mid pregnancy and having her by my side when i was suffering made all the difference. i was terrified of every aspect of birth; she helped calm all my fears by making detailed plans with me and answering all my repetitive questions patiently. she was not only a doula, but a friend and a solid advocate throughout my pregnancy, but especially during my birth. she stayed by my side for a failed induction, held my hand, and communicated for me when i couldn't. when i was rushed into an emergency CSection, she calmed the fears of our families. i don't think i would've gotten through all that i sdi without you, megan. you are a light and so special to me. ♥? thank you forever. 


Mary7/28/2020We cannot say enough great things about Megan! She is professional, insightful, loving, and most of all when it came down to the birth of our son she was 100% present to us and because of her tremendous support I was able to have a successful VBAC!I did not have to interview any other doulas. I knew instantly that Megan was "the one" on that first meeting and I am so glad I trusted my instincts. Not only did she give her time willingly, but she took notes and sent us spreadsheets and articles to help explain anything we were worried about. I had a high-risk pregnancy and she always found ways to calm my anxiety and check in on me with texts and phone calls throughout my pregnancy. She also helped watch our toddler when I was having a really hard time post-partum. Megan goes above and beyond any other doula I have worked with or know personally. Hiring a doula was paramount for us. We wanted someone who both of us felt comfortable with, had tons of experience, but most of all was both intuitive and professional. Megan is all of this and more!!We love you Megan and tell everyone and anyone who is looking for a doula to call you! 


Tiana McKenna6/7/2020Megan is a compassionate, vibrant, joyful person and she brings an incredible energy to her work as a doula. I worked with Megan during my second pregnancy and birth after having had a traumatic experience with my first. Megan supported me to get beneath my fear and come up with strategies to address that fear before and during labor. While I once again didn't get the opportunity to labor, I know that if I had, Megan would have been the perfect doula to help me create the environment of joy and focus that I was hoping for. I firmly believe the work that I did with Megan before and after my son's birth helped me have a positive second birthing expeirence, even if it wasn't what I had planned for. I can't recommend working with her enough.


Jenny and Taylor5/16/2020As first time parents, we didn't really know what we were doing. Jenny knew that she wanted to hire a doula, but we weren't sure how to pick one. On a whim, we decided on Megan, who (at the time at least) was relatively less experienced but seemed like such a smart and relaxed person. We couldn't have been more happy with our decision!Megan was exactly who we needed. When we were anxious, she was easy to talk to. When we had specific questions, she had detailed answers. We came into the birthing process with certain ideas about what we wanted, but there were still many tough decisions to make. Megan’s expertise and open-mindedness helped us craft a concise birth plan that truly reflected our desires. But she also prepared us for the unexpected.Jenny’s labor was tough, and nothing was going as we had hoped it would, ultimately culminating in a c-section 48 hours after her water broke. We had hoped for as natural a birth as possible, but due to circumstances beyond our control we ended up with almost the opposite. And yet, thanks to Megan’s help, we didn’t for a moment feel like we had been unprepared or taken advantage of by the hospital. During labor itself, Megan was an exceptionally loving and comforting presence. Despite the difficulties of labor, once our daughter arrived safe and healthy everything was just fine.We are so grateful Megan was part of our birthing journey, we couldn’t recommend her more!


Alana Adye-Jones5/13/2020Megan was exactly the right doula for our family. She's an open-hearted, grounding force who also happens to be wickedly funny. Megan has an assuredness borne from education and experience combined with a lightness of spirit that helps keep the ups-and-downs of the pregnancy and birthing experience in perspective. The thing I remember most about her presence during my labor was that she gave me things I didn't even know I needed - a gentle touch between contractions, a drink, a joke, a hair tie. Just writing this makes me want to give her a hug and thank her (for the millionth time) for being there for me at one of the most important, intimate moments of my life. My husband and I are lucky to have had her as our doula and I feel even more lucky to count her as a friend.


Avigail5/12/2020Our dear, Megan! Starting with educating us, continuing with taking our hearts, becoming our friend and supporter, and then-taking part in the most significant day in our lives; helping us in our most vulnerable moments, holding our hands (all three of us!) There are no words to describe how grateful we are to you. Everytime I think about that day, I am so thankful that we found you! Giving birth is blood, sweat, and tears, and you've witnessed all of ours ;) You're an amazing person and we all love you so much. Thank you! 


K Lopez9/3/2019Megan is not only a beautiful soul and just the most fun, upbeat, knowledgable, charasmatic, inviting, hilarious, sweet and giving person, she somehow became even more than a birth Doula to us. She became a friend and was so important not only at the birth but leading up to the birth at our prenatal visits, she set such a calm, soothing, open tone that it helped in ways I didn't even realize I could need. I'm so grateful that Megan was with us leading up to the birth as she gave us wonderful, very useful birth education and encouragement. Since we had a planned home birth for our first team green baby - this was a whole new world in so many ways for all of us and I can't imagine it without Megan's generous spirit guiding us to a calm and love filled space. Megan, thank you dear for all that you are and all that you did to be with us for that magical moment! I know you're out helping other families now to bring their angels into the world!  You're the best! Baby Dominic will be told over and over how you were a part of his journey earth-side!


Elana Havusha8/13/2019Megan was such a grounding force for me during labor. Although we didn't have a chance to talk about my hopes and dreams for my birth before I went into labor, Megan rolled with the punches and followed my lead. She was incredibly supportive of my fears/anxiety around pain, and consistently reminded me to just take things one breath and one contraction at a time which made it all feel more doable. She stayed by our side when I needed to transfer to the OR for a C-section and waited in the hospital lobby for hours after my son was born incredibly sick to ensure that me and my husband had everything we needed. I would highly recommend this sweet sweet soul to anyone looking for doula support.


Bianca Fuchs8/9/2019We couldn’t have been more blessed to have Megan as our doula. We were a bit later in our pregnancy before we decided we NEEDED a doula as part of our support team, especially as we were trying to have an unmedicated natural birth with our first born son. Luckily Megan was sitting in our birth class, so we naturally were inclined to have her be our doula Wonder Woman, since we felt she would be the best person to go through this new and scary experience with. Megan was there before our son was born during prenatal visits, she came over to our place when laboring at home became more intense, suggesting a variety of coping and comfort strategies and making sure the whole family stayed hydrated and fed during this time. She communicated with our midwives before heading with us to the birth center, provided the emotional and physical support we could have only dreamed of during active labor at the center, and transferred with us to the hospital when baby needed some extra help getting out. She was our birth plan advocate, my fiancée’s go to for advice and staying calm during a hard and stressful labor, all whilst cheering me on as I tried to push out our baby boy. Not only was Megan an integral part before our son was born but she’s practically family now that we’re post partum. We love her!


Esmeralda and David8/7/2019We had a wonderful experience with Megan. She put us at ease about her process and how she would support the birthing experience. She helped us put together a birth plan and tailored it to our needs. She was very open to our fears, questions and birth preferences. She never hesitated to support our decision to formula-feed and gave us great advice.Megan began communicating with us immediately after our first meeting. This put us at ease since this was our first pregnancy. She was reassuring, organized, confidant, and ever-present for our needs.She arrived at the hospital immediately after we told her that labor had begun. She was very supportive and warm. She was a great listener for both parents. We were very fortunate to have Megan as our doula. She made all the difference. 


Kate singer8/6/2019From early on in my pregnancy I knew I wanted the support of a doula for my hospital birth and after our first phone conversation I knew I wanted it to be Megan. She has a calming and nurturing presence that I love. Having Megan as our doula was confirmed by my highly anxious dog who barks at every new person who comes to our home, but melted at Megan’s feet. In our meet ups before labor she was always reassuring and supportive with evidence based information to help me relax and feel in control.Going into labor I had a birth plan I wanted to stick with. Despite some complications and things not going totally my way, Megan helped me feel like I was still sticking to my plan.During labor she was paramount to my comfort and success at pushing out a handsome baby boy. She helped couch me with my breathing, suggesting differentt birthing positions, and overall helping my husband and me stay calm and in control. I don’t think I would have had the happy experience I had if Megan was not there. I won’t go through this again without her and highly recommend her to anyone looking for a holistic, nurturing, calming, caring, devoted, and evidence based Doula! I can’t recommend her enough. 


Paymaneh Malihi8/5/2019Megan was not the first doula I had interviewed in preparation for my birth but she was definitely the last. I immediately felt connected to her during our first meeting and knew immediately that I felt comfortable enough for her to be part of a very intimate chapter of my life. I ended up with an emergency C-Section at 36 weeks pregnant. It was an extremely overwhelming experience. What was supposed to be a routine OB-GYN appointment, turned out in me being admitted and having an emergency C-Section. Megan was with me every single step of the way. She explained every procedure and answered all of my questions when I was feeling overloaded with information from the doctors. She kept my environment calm and zen, and even brought me coloring books and wrote inspiration notes on the wall to keep me motivated. She also visited us at home a few times to check on how we are doing, answer questions and provided me with tools on how to best take care of myself emotionally and physically. Megan's calm and uplifting energy allowed me to find joy and peace in a hectic and shocking experience.  