DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
4 TESTIMONIALS

Natasha Moskow

Rare Breed

Claremont, CA  Service range 40 miles

3109022641

https://www.rarebreedhealer.com

Birth Fee

$2500 to $4000

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $75

Black Doula

CONTACT NATASHA VIEW NATASHA'S AVAILABILITY

Jasmine12/4/2022I think the world of Natasha! She is such a peaceful spirit. My family is so blessed to have met her and had her through every step of our sons birth. She is a very comforting person. When I went into active induced labor she was there so fast and knew exactly what to do to help me stay comfortable. Even before I went into labor she was available to answer questions or just help us understand what was happening during the induction. She reached out to us when we were quiet and overwhelmed. When the induction failed she was there with us and I felt so supported by her. That was what I realized was what I needed most as a client was her peaceful presence that offered support when I needed it most or for advice on anything I had insecurities about. She was there for my C-section and I felt so good knowing she was around because she has a sense of what to do when I had no clue or how to ask for it. We love Natasha and I want her there for my future births as well.


Sacha10/26/2022We're completely satisfied with our doula experience and would highly recommend Natasha for birth and postpartum services. Your family will be in great hands! Below is some feedback from us, the new mama and papa:From Desmond: during labor Natasha helped provide a soothing and calm environment and also gave me a break when I needed to step out of the room.From Sacha: In labor prep and during l&d Natasha was knowledgeable, creative and brought great energy to the space.Postpartum Evaluation:Cooked an amazing healing soup and provided herbs for vaginal steaming, did a soothing belly binding wrap. Everything was great and very helpful & supportive. 


Keona Morrison3/14/2022Natasha is such a pleasant being. I have always felt a great vibe from her even before I became her client. I had a few doulas to choose from and I am so glad I went with Natasha. She provided me with many resources and useful info I needed, and quite frankly wouldn't have found for myself. This info was extremely helpful, I was always referring back to her emails and messages. She helped me with so much including calming my spiraling feelings and thoughts, introducing me to practices which I felt really helped me enter labor naturally and on time, and most importantly, after our visits she left me feeling confident. Confident in myself, my current state of mind and my ability to carry out my birth plan.During my hospital birth she was by my side the entire time, even when things were going against my plan. Natasha managed to keep me calm through the nerves, her presence and support felt good, I felt safe.Both my husband and I were grateful she was part of our team. He felt comfortable with her and enjoyed her support during an intense day for both of us.


Caitlin Murray3/12/2022From the first moment you spend in Natasha's orbit, it's abundantly clear why she chose the path of doula—or maybe that it chose her! Natasha is an incredibly calming, nurturing, and supportive presence, yet her confidence, assertiveness and poise radiate just as strongly. This unique combination of traits is absolutely key for a person serving that role.I was fortunate enough to have Natasha right by my side as my doula and friend throughout my entire labor and birthing experience. She brought everything I needed physically, mentally and emotionally and intuitively always knew which tools to pull from the kit. She spoke up for me when it didn’t even cross my mind and she anticipated exactly when to lead with humor, when to cry with me, when to rub my shoulders, when to pull back my hair and when to just hold my hand.  She effortlessly collaborated with the entire medical staff, making me feel like I was on a winning team. Her expertise, knowledge, assuredness and optimism gave me an overarching sense of security all along the way.From my perspective, just the idea of having a baby is painful and scary no matter how you slice it…but somehow, Natasha also made it fun.