DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Paige Green RN, IBCLC

Los Angeles, CA  Service range 10 miles

4129515020

http://www.paigegreenwellness.com

Birth Fee

$3500 to $4000

Postpartum Rate

$75

Availability Remarks: Available for 1 birth client/month, postpartum night support, childbirth & breastfeeding ed, lactation consults, infant sleep consults

CONTACT PAIGE VIEW PAIGE'S AVAILABILITY

Allessandra Greco1/10/2023Paige Green was my lactation consultant and postpartum doula for the first few months of my daughter's life.  I can’t imagine getting through those intense early days without her.  She helped me navigate the complicated waters of early breastfeeding / establishing a latch.  She has a deep understanding of babies on both a scientific and human level.   Another extremely important piece was how gentle, caring, and supportive she was with me in such a vulnerable time.  She was both professional and nurturing. She was considerate and warm.  She was right there by my side when I needed someone of her experience level and professionalism the most. Paige helped me understand my daughter, which allowed my husband and me to connect with her that much more, and she did it with Grace, kindness, and delicate control.  I can not recommend her enough.


Jeneva Patterson1/2/2014Paige is absolutely amazing! My husband and I hired Paige a few weeks before our due date. I had met with a few other doulas and I just loved Paige's energetic and enthusiastic attitude. In the weeks before our birth, Paige was there to answer my phone calls or texts whenever we had questions and helped me stay positive when my due date came and went and we still did not have a baby.We had practiced the Bradley Method and were trying for a natural and drug-free childbirth. My labor ended up lasting 51 hours and Paige was there with us the entire time. I honestly do not know what my husband and I would have done without her help. She helped us make important decisions when it came time for medical interventions, helped me through each contraction, and supported me so that my husband could eat and rest without having to leave me alone. She completely put her life on hold for two days while she stayed with us in the hospital; reminding me to breathe and relax with each contraction and walking countless laps around the maternity floor. Paige stayed up all night with us while I labored and when it finally came time to deliver my baby she encouraged me to push and helped me stay positive when I was exhausted.There is not a day that goes by that I do not think about the birth of our daughter and how thankful I am that Paige was there with us. I can't imagine that experience without her and because of her help I can look back at a tough labor with fond memories.I think hiring a doula is so important and I highly recommend hiring Paige. I feel such a strong bond with her after spending so many tough hours laboring with her by my side. She has so much passion for her job and I am so excited for her future and all of the beautiful births she will attend and lives she will forever change.


Jessica Jamison9/26/2013My husband and I met Paige through the doula intern program at Southcoast Midwifery. She was one of their newest interns at the time and she had already created qute a buzz throughout the birthing center. It seemed like everyone was excited that she was a part of the program, and honestly, the staff's faces would light up when they spoke about her. At that time, we were in the process of interviewing doulas and gave Paige a call. We decided to set up an informal meet and greet after one of our pre-natal appointments. During that initial meeting we fell in love with Paige, it was evident that she had a wonderful spirit and a true passion for being a doula. I was extremely surprised to find out that Paige was much younger than I thought she was, not because she looks older than she is, but because she has an old soul. Paige is extremely confident and directed, she also has a wonderful calmness about her that I later found to be extremely beneficial. Unfortunately our birthing experience did not go as planned and I had to be transferred from a home brith to a hospital birth. I can say, however, that I was Paige's first hospital birth, so I guess that counts for something. Paige handled herself spectacularly. She was there to support my husband and I throughout the entire process. I couldn't have asked for a better experience and feel blessed that Paige was not only a part of our process but now, our lives.


Jennifer Nies9/12/2013We love Paige! She was great working with us while everything was up in the air and plans changed. We were originally planning on doing a home birth, but after special circumstances forced us into the care of an OB at 37 weeks, we ended up delivering at Hoag hospital. Paige worked with us and responded quickly to my calls, texts, or emails. In fact, she was the only doula (doula-intern at the time) that called me back after leaving messages for several others!After heading to the hospital after my water broke, I called Paige and she was at the hospital in what felt like just minutes! She was super quick! She was with us from the triage room until after my baby was born, and was very positive and supportive every step of the way. She did a great job keeping me calm and reminding me to breathe and helping me get through the tough parts! She also helped keep the nurse (who was uncomfortable with me doing a natural, un-medicated birth) from rushing me into things that I did not want and asking questions and buying me time to think about everything. She spoke the language of the nurses and explained each process in greater detail and helped me to understand the things I was unsure of.Also, Paige acted as our photographer!  She captured some amazing moments   :)We were so happy that Paige was there with us, and couldn't ask for anyone better. Thank you Paige!!


Brittney Alkema9/12/2013Paige was our doula for the birth of our son, Oliver, in June this year in our home.  We interviewed a couple different doulas and for reasons I could not articulate I knew I felt comfortable with Paige and would be happy having her at our birth.  There was something about her that seemed very open, inviting, and non-judgmental.  As we prepared for the birth Paige really seemed to care about getting a good sense of the vision we had of the event and to identify ways in which she could participate and help us accomplish what we desired.Our son's birth ended up being not precisely what I had pictured but it was so beautiful.  It took place over the course of one night and went pretty quickly!  Paige showed up at our house in the middle of the night and immediately jumped in to look for ways to help.  Her presence was calming and not distracting.  She seemed to blend right in doing what she needed to.The actual birth was fairly uneventful, but due to my severe tearing I had to take a trip to a doctor's office that day to be repaired.  Paige accompanied me there even though she could have gone home as the birth was over.  She helped me through that visit and came back home with me where she gave me tips and aided me in trying breastfeeding again then left to give us our space.  Later she came for another visit and even brought us a beautiful gift.  Paige does not stop at the bare minimum.My family agrees that Paige seems to have found her calling.  She is open, caring, passionate, and accepting, and I am sure if it were necessary she could jump right in to advocate for the needs and desires of her clients if they were not being met.  I'd highly recommend you at least have an interview with her!