DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
7 TESTIMONIALS

Pam Serna

Doula Pam (Sacred Journey Childbirth)

Long Beach, CA  Service range 20 miles  $50 travel fee for births 25 miles away

http://birthdoulapam.com

Birth Fee

$1400 to $1600

CONTACT PAM VIEW PAM'S AVAILABILITY

Emma3/11/2023Pam was such a valuable asset to have at my birth. We wanted to have support for both myself and my husband throughout the process and Pam was able to help us feel informed and confident going into labor and helped me feel comfortable during labor while also helping my husband to support and comfort me. Her calm, comforting, and encouraging manner reminded me to stay focused and grounded throughout my unmediated labor and delivery.She provided info and resources prenatally that helped me prepare my body for birth as well as breastfeeding resources, mindfulness practices, and even brought me food postpartum!My favorite service she provided was capturing moments of labor, delivery, and right after; via video, photos, and notes to help me remember quotes and beautiful moments from the process that I can look back on and share.We were on the fence about hiring a doula but when we had a consultation with Pam, we instantly felt a connection and knew she would be an invaluable resource. I am SO thankful we decided to have her present, I can’t imagine what the process would have been like without her by our side.


Jen Khoshafian11/2/2022Pam is an exceptional Doula and it has been such a blessing to be able to work with her during my pregnancy, labor, and delivery of my third baby! Having recently moved to the Orange County area, I had found a new OB and would be delivering at a different hospital than my previous deliveries. Already in my third trimester and just weeks away from my due date, my husband and I decided that we would inquire about having a Doula. After inquiring, Pam responded right away and we had an initial zoom call. I instantly felt so comfortable with Pam and was able to share so freely knowing I was accepted and validated. It was also so wonderful to know that Pam and I shared the same Spiritual views and values. We scheduled a home visit so that we could review labor positions and other important information with my husband as well and get some hands on practice. Little did we know I would be going into labor just hours later!Later that evening, my water broke and I texted Pam right away. Pam responded within minutes and I was able to call and speak with her over the phone as well. We made a game plan for the evening and I waited and labored at home until my contractions became a bit stronger. We then headed to the hospital and met there around 1:30 am. I was at 3 cm dilated and 70% effaced when the nurse had checked me. Pam stayed up with me all throughout the night as I labored. She was such a calming presence and read affirmations to me and Scripture verses. It was a long night and we didn't get much sleep but I feel that she was the perfect Doula for me especially in enduring such a long and arduous labor.After some unexpected challenges, our precious baby was born at 3 pm later that afternoon. Pam was with us the entire time. She never left my side and continued to encourage me throughout the entire labor and delivery.I truly had such a wonderful experience with Pam and I highly recommend her for anyone looking for a Doula in the Orange County area!


Scarlett5/5/2020The way that I found Pam was a bit of a journey. I was experiencing SO much fear and anxiety about pregnancy and birth, and was told by a friend that having a doula would be a great option to help calm those feelings. As a Christian, finding a doula with the same core values as my husband and me was very important, so that is what I sought out. I stumbled upon a Christian birthing class called "A Heavenly Welcome" where she had listed Christian doulas on her website. I contacted Pam right away, and knew from our very first meeting that she was the right choice for us. Not only is she gracious, understanding, gentle, and soothing but she takes her role as a doula very seriously with an evidence based, scientific approach that she has researched in depth (which I greatly appreciate). I had such a difficult pregnancy, and she was always there for emotional support, helpful advice, and prayer. One of my favorite things about Pam is that she gave me the tools and resources, then let me sort of take the leading role in this process. She was at the ready at all times in the weeks before my due date, and had everything we needed to usher in a beautiful, calm birth when the day came (flameless candles, oils, soft music, etc). Though I did a traditional hospital birth, it was still such an incredible experience and I believe that having Pam there with us made a world of difference. She helped lead the breaths during birth and was right next to us to cheer us on the whole time, and she came to check on us after the baby was born, with a delicious meal in hand. I'm just so grateful to have had this experience with Pam, and highly recommend her to anyone who is looking for a wonderful, down to earth doula. 


Scarlett5/5/2020The way that I found Pam was a bit of a journey. I was experiencing SO much fear and anxiety about pregnancy and birth, and was told by a friend that having a doula would be a great option to help calm those feelings. As a Christian, finding a doula with the same core values as my husband and me was very important, so that is what I sought out. I stumbled upon a Christian birthing class called "A Heavenly Welcome" where she had listed Christian doulas on her website. I contacted Pam right away, and knew from our very first meeting that she was the right choice for us. Not only is she gracious, understanding, gentle, and soothing but she takes her role as a doula very seriously with an evidence based, scientific approach that she has researched in depth (which I greatly appreciate). I had such a difficult pregnancy, and she was always there for emotional support, helpful advice, and prayer. One of my favorite things about Pam is that she gave me the tools and resources, then let me sort of take the leading role in this process. She was at the ready at all times in the weeks before my due date, and had everything we needed to usher in a beautiful, calm birth when the day came (flameless candles, oils, soft music, etc). Though I did a traditional hospital birth, it was still such an incredible experience and I believe that having Pam there with us made a world of difference. She helped lead the breaths during birth and was right next to us to cheer us on the whole time, and she came to check on us after the baby was born, with a delicious meal in hand. I'm just so grateful to have had this experience with Pam, and highly recommend her to anyone who is looking for a wonderful, down to earth doula. 


Ericka Charbonnet12/2/2019Pam was such a blessing to us throughout the pregnancy and birthing process. With our birth plan she listened, offered ideas/resources and encouraged us along the way. She went above and beyond and created affirmation cards for me to focus on in the birthing room. While our birth did not go as planned, Pam's  support was unmatched. We are very grateful for her heart for the birth process and supporting soon to be mamas!


Stephanie Bandera4/13/2019I cannot say enough good things about Pam! From beginning to end she has been a such a great support and resource. Always providing me very pertinent information, always available to talk through my worries or concerns, and supportive of my birth plan. I had a very difficult 4 day labor and I would not have made it through without her guidance, support and dedication. Her gentle, calming energy eased a very painful back labor. Somehow she found time to take some amazing photos I will always cherish and take notes of my labor all the while giving counter pressure through my contractions. If you really want a doula who meets all your needs : physical, emotional, and spiritual from pregnancy to post partum I highly recommend Pam.


Joy Ij Okoro12/12/2018Pam is a remarkable doula. She was with me throughout my pregnancy and went above and beyond her doula duties. She always check up on me throughout my pregnancy and sent me encouraging prayers which helped me throughout my pregnancy.  And every time I called on her, she was always there for me. She’s actually God sent. During my labor which started on oct. 17th, she slept in the hospital with me till I gave birth on October 18th. She made the birth of my twins easier. I don’t know what I could have done without her. She even connected me to other doulas that helped me out during and after my pregnancy. I would recommend her to anyone looking for a doula, and I am sure she will give you her all as well.