DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 TESTIMONIALS

Peggy Vetter

Nine Moonbeams Doula Service

Carlsbad, CA  Service range 50 miles

760 500 1316

https://ninemoonbeams.com

Birth Fee

$2200 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$55

CONTACT PEGGY VIEW PEGGY'S AVAILABILITY

Claudine LoMonaco3/30/2017I often compare Peggy to a guardian angel looking out for us. We found her after a major move to a new city where we had no family and few friends. From my first phone call with her, I knew Peggy was someone special. She was open, curious, and funny. We hired her immediately, and over the remaining course of my pregnancy and post-natal care of my son, she was a constant, caring, calming, and deeply knowledgeable presence. I had the feeling that I could call her at any time about anything, and she'd be there for me. Her weekly home visits once Becket was born were a godsend, a time where she checked up on him and on me.Peggy is a gifted doula and midwife, with a light touch and a big heart. We feel forever bonded to her for helping bring our son safely into the world. We love you Peggy!


Anna Ramming3/9/2017Peggy Vetter was the best midwife imaginable! It was our first baby and we didn’t know anything about the delivery process, nursing, diaper-changing, or caring for an infant. But because Peggy was there supporting us, I was able to leave the hospital mere hours after giving birth. She made herself completely available to us, day and night, both before and after our son's birth.Our meetings were not just check-ins regarding my pregnancy or the baby; it was like having an old friend over for coffee. Peggy is intuitive, reliable, compassionate, and relaxed, which was exactly what we needed. She was always willing to listen and give advice, validating our concerns, without dismissing them (or us). We felt so secure with her years of experience and are so grateful for her support. We genuinely feel that Peggy does this not just as a job, but because it gives her a true sense of fulfillment. Midwifery simply runs in her blood! Thank you Peggy!