DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
15 TESTIMONIALS

Rali Zikatanova

Berkeley, CA  Service range 45 miles  I will travel and support families in the greater Bay Area.

https://www.beeandbloombirth.com

Birth Fee

$2650

CONTACT RALI VIEW RALI'S AVAILABILITY

Kate Holbrook1/18/2023I highly recommend Rali! We engaged a doula for our second child who ended up being unable to attend our delivery due to illness. She set up several other doulas to cover and Rali ended up being the one to attend. We had never met Rali before and in fact didn't meet her until I went to L&D triage. Ahead of that, we were texting with Rali and speaking over the phone and despite having never met me or my husband, she seemed to intuit what I/we needed. She was calm, encouraging and provided easy to follow practical steps as I labored at home. Once I was at the hospital, she labored with me all night while my partner tried to sleep a little and I felt so reassured and supported having her there. As we navigated recommendations, she provided helpful, evidence-based information to make decisions. I felt genuinely supported throughout the labor and birth and had a fantastic experience of a successful VBAC. I attribute part of that to the wonderful support provided by Rali. 


Lauren12/30/2022Rali is amazing!We had an incredible experience in the birth of our son despite a high risk pregnancy & long labor- we credit this to Rali. Organization/Expertise: My husband & I are both pretty type A & this was our first child so we had many questions!Rali is organized & thorough- she broke down what to expect comprehensively, used great frameworks to think through preferences & sent in depth follow ups.This made us always feel confident & empowered in our decision-making. Data-Driven- Research/Education: I had several complications in my pregnancy-COVID, GD, Cholestasis, Induction.Rali is level-headed & calming & quickly became my most trusted resource every curveball.She was always fast to respond with comprehensive, unbiased, data-based context from the ACOG (w/resources & further readings) & even surveyed her network to share perspectives of other drs to help me benchmark my OB's recommendations to determine my course of action.Because of this I felt comfortable in every decision I made. Rali's personality! She had never delivered at my hospital before & was the gel that brought our entire delivery team together through many nurse/doctor shifts.My husband was unsure how to be most helpful & greatly valued her prep prior & day-of coaching.She read the room, assigned tasks when needed/appropriate & provided me check-ins & context to help me interpret the info we were given to make the best decisions in a long labor.She was calming & adaptive to changes, including multiple complications with my epidural-my most trusted resource during a scary time.She was even there for me afterwards to help me understand risks/benefits re a somewhat risky follow up procedure. I couldn’t recommend Rali more highly.It was sad for us to see her go but we feel lucky that she will always be such a big part of this most special time in our lives!


Brianna Fielder12/27/2022My husband and I were hesitant about whether we wanted to include another person in our birth experience, and Rali was everything we could have asked for and more. We really appreciated her data driven approach while completely respecting our wants and needs. We love that she partners WITH the medical staff while empowering you to make the choices that are best for you. When I did the initial interview with Rali, I instantly felt a connection. Throughout the whole process she was patient, resourceful, and always a calming presence. She taught us SO much about labor and delivery beforehand, which was really important to us as first time parents. When my labor took an unexpected turn, Rali was there to support us along the way. I would recommend Rali 100 times over for anyone looking for a doula!


Erin Garcia11/17/2022Rali was the perfect doula for my delivery. My husband and I recently welcomed our first child and found her help invaluable. I was at extreme high risk for preeclampsia along with several other medical issues, but I felt secure in my decisions from the moment we started working with Rali. Every step of the way and at every meeting, Rali was extremely educational and clear in her communication. She was thorough and covered many topics with us, providing extra resources and follow up information as needed. That level of commitment cemented a foundation of trust between us and Rali. Rali was supportive, kind, and flexible, addressing all of our needs and concerns. I had a stressful and long induction and labor process and she stayed calm and informative throughout. Both my husband and I felt supported and we were grateful for Rali’s guidance and composure when our birth plan changed dramatically. She was able to empower us to make critical decisions in the moment, and her emotional support was essential to our overall positive delivery experience. We couldn’t be more grateful for Rali's services, and would highly recommend her as a birth doula.


Ying Hua11/8/2022Rali was amazing! She was so supportive and helpful throughout my entire pregnancy and delivery.She was always responsive to my needs and questions, and she was extremely organized and knowledgeable about all things pregnancy and childbirth. She guided us through writing up our birth plan, which was very helpful when we got to the hospital, as we knew what all the meds were and were fully prepared to make decisions in the moment. She was with us every step of the way through the process.We feel so lucky to have had her by our side during such an amazing but stressful part of our lives. Would absolutely recommend her to anyone who is looking for a doula!


Sarah Pomarico-Munoz10/28/2022Our experience with Rali was amazing. She was always organized, prepared, and thorough during our preparation meetings. I felt confident that I could trust the information she presented to us, since she made a point to use evidence-based sources. It was extremely helpful to have a collection of options for comfort management during labor, and then have the knowledge to decide what would work best for me during the labor. My goal was to have an unmedicated birth, and the knowledge we gained from working with Rali allowed this to be a reality. The preparation we did with Rali also empowered my husband to be involved and speak up when needed, which was crucial at the hospital during the most painful parts of labor. Choosing to work with Rali put my mind at ease going into the birth. Having prepared with her is the main reason that we had a fast, relatively smooth birth and recovery. I highly recommend her to anyone looking for a birth doula!


Audrey10/22/2022I opted to to have prenatal yoga lessons with Rali, which was a huge help. She tailored my lessons, held me accountable without being pushy, and was able to give pointers on small comfort measures as my pregnancy got to be more difficult and uncomfortable.  Not needing to leave my house in order to get a quick "workout" in was immeasurably helpful when my pregnancy took a hard turn at the second trimester.Rali was so informative prior to birth about the various paths that may happen, and different measures that we might want to employ. She checked in, was available and helpful in the days leading up to the birth, anticipated (to her best ability) the timing for her to arrive,  and during labor, calm enough to not drain any energy of ours, but helpful and decisive enough that the mental load of myself and my partner were lighter because she was there. We were so thankful to have Rali's help during the entire pregnancy and birth.I had a rough birthing experience with my first, and was nervous about the process of having another kid. While I'm not anxious to have another, the experience with Rali has left me feeling confident that if we had a 3rd, I would know exactly how to have a great experience again- to work with her :)


Christina Noori10/12/2022We are so grateful that we had Rali there when we welcomed our son. While unfortunately the birth didn't go exactly to my plan, having Rali there to help was a relief. I really wanted to give birth without pain medication and I strongly believe that if Rali wasn't there to help that would not have been possible. She applied counter pressure for hours while I was in labor which really helped with the pain management. Having her there was also a relief to my husband because he had someone to help guide him as he helped me and didn't have to feel like he needed to have all the answers. 


Pamela9/20/2022From the moment we met Rali, we felt an instant connection and knew we wanted her as part of our support system in this exciting, vulnerable, and intimate journey through pregnancy, birth, and becoming new parents. From early in my pregnancy, Rali was always there to provide support, answer questions, and point me to resources. I was a very anxious pregnant person and had a lot of fear leading up to my birth - Rali was a constant calming and reassuring presence. I always felt supported by Rali and had a level of comfort where I could truly ask any questions and express any worries without fear of judgement and knowing that Rali would do everything she could to help me. My birth could not have been a more positive experience - Rali supported both me and my husband throughout the entire day and made us feel empowered through the process. As a type A planner, I loved having sessions to make a birth preference plan ahead of time, but also really appreciated that myself, my husband, and Rali worked so well as a team to make decisions during unexpected situations that arose in labor and delivery. We're so thankful to have met Rali and excited to continue our friendship with her over the years! 


Margaret9/16/2022Rali consistently provided knowledgeable insights and supportive guidance as we prepared to meet our baby. From planning in the abstract to when my water broke through to the baby's arrival, Rali combined our preferences and desires with her knowledge to guide us at each juncture. It was so reassuring and helpful. I highly recommend Rali!


Lauren9/11/2022We hired Rali when I was 35 weeks pregnant. At 38 weeks, we found out I needed to be induced due to possible growth restriction. It was a curve ball and Rali’s support & information was invaluable. We had an extra session to meet about induction & discussed the process and decisions points.  I went in confident knowing what to expect & my medication preferences. I was able to effectively advocate for my preferences & I know that my induction went much more smoothly with Rali in my corner! 


mary gorman9/8/2022 rali prepared me both physically and mentally for my delivery. she gave me the courage to trust my body and my desicions. we made a birth plan that i was comfortable and confident with. in the end i gave birth to my daughter naturaly and without pain meds which i never imagined possible. her support and guidence helped make this such a wonderfully beautiful experience!!!  


Noor & Ziyad9/8/2022Rali was an incredible resource during one of the mos important periods for us. She was kind, empathetic and understanding to both myself and my partner. She helped us navigate the last stages of my pregnancy with extreme care. Leading up to the last few weeks, Rali's attention to detail and knowledge helped us create the birth plan we wanted. During labor, Rali was present and able to intuitively pick up on cues and respond with pain management techniques and helpful suggestions. When dealing with hospital staff, Rali was an assertive communicator; she made sure they followed the birth plan. Rali provided the much needed support for my partner to take breaks during labor and relieved a lot of the physical and mental stress. Post delivery, Rali checked up on us and the baby multiple times in person and over text. She always sent an email with clear action items and links to whatever resources we had discussed. During one of these visits, Rali shared her favorite moments from the labor along with a very sweet personalized birth timeline she had made for us. We are super grateful to have had Rali as our doula and friend and we recommend her to anyone looking for someone knowledgeable and kind. We could not have imagined this experience without her! 


S M Faisal9/7/2022Rali is an excellent doula and a great support to have in the delivery team. She is courteous, respectful, knowledgeable, and extremely helpful. We ended up having a longer labor until delivery and Rali has been a constant help and support throughout this entire period. Rali was very resourceful in helping us prepare for the delivery - educating us as well us creating a birth plan based on our preferences. She explained all the details of the delivery process and helped us pick our options. We would really feel lost without her help. Once we headed to the hospital at midnight, Rali has been in contact and was eager to come to the hospital to be with us. Once she arrived, it made us feel much better as a team. She stayed with the mom while daddy had to be with the baby. She provided support and strength to both mommy and daddy. She will always remain a part of our family and a close friend to us. We feel so glad that we had Rali alongside us through one of our most intense journeys. We would highly recommend Rali to our friends and families.


Mithila Joshi9/7/2022Rali made it possible for me to feel empowered during one of the most intense and vulnerable experiences of my life and I am so grateful to have had her as my doula.During our pre-birth meetings, Rali took an interest in learning what kind of birth I hoped to have and my psyche in general. I loved how she created a safe space to talk about all aspects of childbirth. She helped me define a clear birth plan and clearly explained how she envisioned interactions between her, my spouse, myself, and hospital staff. She also sent along great tips to manage third trimester pain and easy massage techniques for my spouse to do.On the day of, Rali was a calm and encouraging presence in the delivery room. With her intuition of labor pain and her understanding of my personality, she made it possible for me to have an unmedicated child birth - something which I never thought I'd have the strength to do. She believed in me and through that, she showed me what I am capable of.  She will always be an integral part of our son's journey into this world!I'd highly recommend Rali to anyone searching for a birth doula. 