DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
7 TESTIMONIALS

Rebecca Howell, CLC

Rebecca Doula

Santa Monica, CA  Service range 15 miles

http://www.rebeccadoula.com

Birth Fee

$2225

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $55

CONTACT REBECCA VIEW REBECCA'S AVAILABILITY

Leela B8/5/2021Rebecca is the most exceptional doula there is. She's was with me for 3 weeks immediately following the birth of my twins. Rebecca is incredibly positive, nurturing, and knowledgable. She's a specialist in lactation, prenatal and postpartum nutrition, and newborn care and psychology. Breastfeeding twins is no easy feat and I wouldn't have done it without Rebecca's support. My babies are also both excellent sleepers and I attribute that largely to the care Rebecca provided to them in the early days. She cooked meals for me from the first 40 days book which were designed to help me heal and strengthen postpartum. Rebecca is a wealth of knowledge and she thought of everything - even weeks after she left I kept finding things she had done/organized/sanitized. My toddler still talks about her too. I have been fortunate enough to work with 5 different doulas and Rebecca is a league above. It's no wonder she works with high profile and celebrity clients, she's the total package. If you are fortunate enough to get time on Rebecca's schedule you won't regret it! 


Aditt Alcalay7/13/2021My experience working with Rebecca for the 6 weeks after my daughter was born couldn't have been better. She is incredibly knowledgeable and helpful, caring and supportive. She was an asset to our entire family, including my toddler who loved her. I completely attribute the success I've had nursing to Rebecca's guidance throughout her time with me as well as after. I highly recommend Rebecca to anyone interested in post partum support. 


Lauren3/11/2021Rebecca is the gold-standard trifecta when it comes to doula skills: birth, postpartum & lactation! And did I mention she's a great cook?! AND Dog-friendly!! We just can't say enough about how she has helped our family heal, learn and grow as we embarked on this crazy journey of parenthood. She is a kind, quiet soul, the perfect match for a mother in need of physical and emotional help when trying to care for a newborn. Breastfeeding was a major struggle for our preemie baby and Rebecca was a wealth of knowledge when it came to trying different techniques. She also helped to keep me encouraged on the long haul wrestle with the breast pump, and also cheered the loudest for me when I finally decided I couldn't do it anymore. She really listens to what mom and baby want/need and finds creative ways to nourish and support us. We knew that our little one was in the BEST care with Rebecca, day or night and that peace of mind is worth pure gold as a new sleep-deprived parent. We'll be friends with Rebecca for life, and you will too once you experience her calling as a Doula :) P.S. Her lactation cookies are beyond good - good enough to think about getting pregnant again ;) 


Jackie3/11/2021Rebecca helped me with two of my children. When we came home from the hospital with our first daughter, I was recovering from a c-section, and my husband and I felt so overwhelmed. We worried over every little thing, and thank goodness Rebecca was there to support us. She helped to care for us (mentally, emotionally, and physically), and her knowledge of newborn care and breastfeeding was second to none. I felt comfortable and confident as a first-time mom. I struggled with breastfeeding and mastitis, and she knew every trick in the book to help. With our second daughter, we brought her home from the NICU, and although we weren't entirely new to newborn care, it felt different caring for a preemie. Rebecca again assisted with caring for her (and us) and helped us gain some knowledge of different breastfeeding techniques for preemies that were previously on a feeding tube. Our toddler never felt alone because Rebecca showered her with attention. Honestly, I'm not sure how we could have navigated the newborn time period with her help and expertise.


Chantel3/11/2021Rebecca is an amazing doula. Not only did she help me soothe and care for my very fussy newborn she cared for me. She cooked for us, she provided lactation support, she took the night shift, she was a friend to talk to, and she gave us the information and tools to care for our newborn. She literally saved us when we were drowning during those newborn days. She is amazing. 


Hayley7/30/2019Rebecca is incredible! Through her teaching and guidance I was able to not only accomplish my goal for breastfeeding, but learn some very valuable lessons from her. She is very knowledgeable and an expert in her field. She not only did visits to our home, but she also traveled with us to London when our daughter was 9 1/2 weeks. She made the trip so much easier with all of her help and expertise. We would gladly recommend her to anyone interested. 


Vember Othenin-Girard4/4/2019It is hard to express in words what Rebecca brought to our family after our sons birth. Throughout the process before he arrived Rebecca was a constant support and mentor to help these first time parents grasp and understand what was about to happen. The day we came home from the hospital Rebecca was there and as a first time mom she was not only loving, nurturing and caring she was my constant strength and number one supporter of my transition in being a new mom. The love and support she showed my husband and I was beyond words incredible. The most beautiful part is she has become not only our friend but also part of our forever family. When ever a friend announces they are pregnant the first thing I do is say “call Rebecca!!!”. Not only will I forever be grateful for all that she taught my husband and I about becoming first time parents but as a woman I will also cherish that bond that came from such a vulnerable and new time for becoming a mother. 