DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
7 TESTIMONIALS

stella Byorwango

stella Doula

El Sobrante, CA  Service range 50 miles

510 459 5861

https://stella-doula.com

Birth Fee

$400 to $1000

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $60

CONTACT STELLA VIEW STELLA'S AVAILABILITY

Miriam3/21/2023Stella worked with us as a postpartum doula 1-2 times a week for 4 months. She was warm and loving with our baby, as well as punctual and extremely knowledgeable. We learned so much from watching her interact with our baby and from checking in with her about feeding and sleep. On a typical day, Stella would play with our baby, soothe him, change his diaper, feed him a bottle, and put him down for a nap, in addition to folding laundry and cooking lunch for us. I highly recommend her!


Sara Radin7/8/2021Stella supported us for the first six weeks of our girls (identical twins) lives three nights a week. She was such an amazing support and truly a lifesaver for us. She was amazing with the girls, so patient and caring. From the first night she came when the girls were a few days old I was comfortable with her and her being here allowed us to get some much needed rest. She taught us so much as first time parents about good sleep routines, healthy habits and how to soothe, comfort and care for our babies. Stella is kind and gentle, a joy to spend time with and such a wonderful doula and caregiver for babies. Our girls are great sleepers at 2.5m and I give much of that credit to Stella and the healthy habits she taught us and them. If you're looking for a night doula I couldn't recommend Stella more, she's an angel. 


Sarah McClure5/3/2021Stella was a lifesaver! I was recovering from a twin pregnancy with a very tough last month. Also I'm a first time Mom. I felt very comfortable leaving Stella with the babies so I could get good night sleep and work on my recovery. Stella also gave me helpful tips along to way to prepare me for life when she had to leave us. It was a gift to have her help during my recovery and transition to Mommy.


GT1/17/2021Stella is calm, caring and most importantly, experienced with anything baby related!  Stella was our nightime doula.  Our baby was born early, so we didn't have time to research for a doula and hired Stella on the day I went into labor.  As first time parents, we were insecure and scared, but Stella made everything look so easy and taught us so many tricks that we still use today with our baby.  She also was very supportive of my breastfeeding journey, which is so important in those beginning days.  Stella is the "baby whisperer."  I wouldn't hesitate to hire her again or recommend her to any of my friends.


Julia8/31/2020I was having a really tough time adjusting to mom life when I contacted Stella.  A  physician colleague of mine had given me her name in case we needed help after our son was born...and, boy, did we ever!  The minute Stella walked into our home, just to interview, I felt relieved.  She had a warm smile and caring nature about her.  We hired her on the spot to care for our 6-week old son and help us with night-time care immediately.  She was gentle, caring, and extremely knowledgeable about infants.  I felt completely at ease going to sleep while Stella cared for our 6-week old!  Aside from her quite and gentle nature, she was extremely professional, always punctual, and gave us a report of how the night went each night she was with us.  We were lucky to have her help us several night a week for over 7 weeks!!!  I would HIGHLY recommend Stella to any family!  You would be lucky to have her help you and your family!!  


Maddy Roy8/28/2020We had Stella for 6 weeks starting July- immediately after returning from the hospital with our baby. Stella was very loving and warm with the baby. Since it was important for me- she taught me how to breastfeed, helped relieve my painful engorgement and advised me on maintaining my milk supply. She also started our baby on a sleep routine. She is effective, highly experienced and easygoing- which helped us relax and gain confidence as first time parents. Stella also helped with light housework- great, since I was recovering from a C section. The best part is that Stella never gave us unwanted/unsolicited advice. She’s a very positive person and will be great for any family with a baby.


Anonymous (February - May 2020)6/24/2020Stella worked with my family as Night Doula for a little over three months (February 22 - May 28, 2020) after my baby’s birth. Stella came seven nights a week from 9pm to 6am to start and we adjusted down to five and then four nights. It was wonderful to find someone able to come seven nights and be flexible transitioning to fewer nights as our baby’s sleep improved. Stella has a warm, nurturing, and calm presence and she will love your baby like it is her own. Babies make her very happy. ?? She has a superb understanding of babies and their needs, the kind of understanding that only comes from many years of experience as a Doula. She has an ideal balance of compassion and restraint, which kept our baby happy and nurtured while encouraging him to stretch to the best of his ability. In addition to her skills with the baby, she was able to provide specific advice about milk production, recommendations for changes to baby’s schedule and advice for various topics related to our toddler. Stella however will not provide unwanted advice – she will respect you as a parent and will work with whatever guidelines and routines you have in place. In addition to baby-responsibilities, Stella always asked how she could help around the house. In every way she could, she wanted to give you time “off duty”. She was prompt. Her hygiene is impeccable and was never a concern as we navigated our relationship during the early stages of the Coronavirus pandemic. I would recommend Stella and am happy to talk to you about my experience if you would like more information. For personal reasons, I am keeping my identity anonymous, but Stella can put us in touch.