DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
8 TESTIMONIALS

Supinda Sirihekaphong

Infinite Support Birth

Yucca Valley, CA  Service range 50 miles

510-775-2343

https://www.infinitesupportbirth.com

Birth Fee

$0 to $2000

CONTACT SUPINDA VIEW SUPINDA'S AVAILABILITY

Apollonia Johnson8/10/2019Supinda was my doula for the birth of my daughter born on February 2nd, 2019. I hired her the week of Thanksgiving of 2018. From the time I hired her to until the time of birth Supinda was very supportive and very knowledgeable. She completed my birth plan for me. She helped my husband help me relax. I was in labor for 38 hrs no meds. I couldn't imagine doing that without her keeping me focus, breathing and in a positive environment. Even though my birthing experience is over I consider her my DIVINE sister. She attended my wedding in May 2019 and I attend her Pre and Postnatal Yoga class when able. Supinda is AWESOME!


Kristen Reichenbach6/24/2019We recently had a baby boy with the support of Supinda at CPMC in San Francisco.   Simply stated, we couldn’t have imagined a better doula than Supinda to guide us through the process.   From the very beginning, Supinda was in-tune with our needs.  She was intent on personal attention, seeing us as a unique experience which needed its own game-plan, not bringing a cookie cutter agenda.  Her availability was extremely flexible to work with our schedule.  Her communication was top notch, providing advice and feedback whenever we needed it - even at 1am.  Finally, just her presence lent a calming effect to the entire process.  We were extremely happy to have Supinda be a part of our birth experience. 


Julie Nguyen4/23/2019Where do I even begin. Supinda is someone I knew I wanted to be my Doula right away the day I first met with her. (My very first Doula) She is sweet, kind, honest, bold &very positive! And no matter the situation, I always want to know what she has to say when asking for her point of view or advice. She is strong & talented. She’s helped me thru my pregnancy, birth & postpartum. She is someone who is light. Very easy to get along with & easy going. She helped my pregnancy process feel smooth. She taught me to practice balance. I’ve learned to cool it- breathe, relax, meditate. Learning to be patient & working with what’s in front of me. &she always kept it real of course, we like that! Whenever I am around her, I definitely always feel the calm. The first day I met her, I noticed that she took the time to really listen & to get to know my partner &I. She understood what support we were looking for even if we were still unsure. Super experienced in my eyes! She provided plenty of info. &also laid her techniques & strategies on the line, &I loved everything her whole package came with. She is understanding & I never doubted or questioned her because she always had my back! I would definitely choose her again.


julie jang1/10/2019Supinda is a very supportive and understanding doula. As a single mother, I needed all the support that I could get. Supinda provided on-going support throughout my pregnancy and during delivery. She prepared me for birth and met with me multiple times, giving me tips for dealing with contractions, pain, labor, and delivery. She is very knowledgeable and was able to recommend optional ways to move my body and support myself. My birth ended up being a c-section delivery and Supinda continued to provide continued emotional support and knowledge throughout. The entire process is so personal and I’m so happy that Supinda was with me. I don’t think that I would’ve had such a positive experience without her.


L SP11/30/2018Supinda was our doula for the birth of our daughter and I was so glad that she was! During my pregnancy I was anxious about the birthing process - it was my first and I had no idea what to expect. Supinda helped relieve that anxiety and provided me with useful information and tools that I could use during labor. When my water broke and the hospital wanted to continually increase my pitocin, it was a stressful situation for me. But Supinda arrived and was there to support me and my decisions. She helped me breathe and concentrate through my painful contractions. She worked well with my husband to ensure I was relaxed as possible. She offered to alleviate pain through counter pressure and rocking my hips back and forth. During pushing, she guided me through counting down and was there for 3 hours of it!My husband and I are so glad that we hired Supinda as a doula, she was everything we could have asked for and more!


Thom Thom9/15/2018Supinda was a warm and compassionate doula to work with throughout our birth experiance. She met with us twice pre-labor and worked collaboratively with us to create a birth plan that fit our values and hopes for the birth. She was a great advocate during labor to ensure that our birth was as closely aligned to our birth plan as possible. Supinda made sure that our desires were understood throughout staff shift changes at the hospital to have a cohesive experiance. Whenever we had questions, Supinda would answer by text or email in a very timely manner which reassured us throughout the prelabor, labor, and post-partum periods. We went into labor late in the night and had to be rerouted to a differnt hosipital but Supinda showed up as soon as we asked for her to come and with no additional input needed from us. She was a great asset to have during our birthing experiance and we would highly recommend her to our friends and family.


jennifer lai7/31/2018Supinda was my doula for my birth in April. She was a very caring and detailed person who made my whole pregnancy journey as a first time mom easier. And I cannot emphasize enough how crucial her help and support has been for me and my husband during my labor and delivery. I was induced at 38 weeks and I labored for ten hours. With Supinda's encouragement, I stayed away from pain medication and only used nitrate oxide during my delivery. The delivery was tough, but Supinda's presence made me feel more calm during the birthing process and confident about my birth choices. Both my husband and I felt how important her presence was for my birth. I would highly recommend Supinda as a doula because she truly cares about her client and is passionate about her supporting role as a doula.


hafsa meziane7/21/2018I have a very experience with supinda. She is good dolla. She is friendly and she helps me to make a good decision for birth plan . I felt very comfortable with her .She take slow and she want me to understand everything about delivering baby each as what to do during labore. She surprise me when she make my dilivery room  ccomfortable with light and music and smill. I didn't fell afraid at all. We enjoy our lunch together with my cousin too. when I have construction sounds helps me to teach how to breath,that help me to calm and know what to do when I have contractions. when we where talking and enjoying the good weather that was very helpful for me . I love her and I liked Her personality. she make sure that I understand  and she did everything makes me fell comfortable and not afraid . I want to say thank you so match supinda.