DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
1 TESTIMONIAL

Susan Martin

AAHCC, CLEC, PPNE

Pacific Palisades, CA  Service range 25 miles

310-359-3485

https://www.naturalbeginningsla.com/

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2300

CONTACT SUSAN VIEW SUSAN 'S AVAILABILITY

Katya6/6/2019Susan Martin is profesional and knowledgeable. When I googled her name and found out that she has been a La Leche League leader for 17 years, teaching the Bradley childbirth classes for 10 years, I really wanted her to be our Doula. In the couple of months, we built our relationship with her and I felt very comfortable and supported in Susan's caring hands. She wanted us to be educated and prepared for birth as well as postpartum. We borrowed from her library books and videos. She was teaching us the meditation and relaxation. Working with Susan helped me to build a stronger relationship with my husband. We were writing in Susan's class about our feelings for each other and sharing games to make our baby's birth as healthy as possible. My husband learned how to do massage for me and be supportive during labor and after. We were prepared by Susan for anything. My labor was 60 hours! Susan was with us for much of this time and her presence let my husband rest as much as possible before important moments. She drove me to my midwife's office for a checkup and let my husband sleep after he was up all night. She walked with me, and was taking amazing care of me that I will never forget. Her touch and massage was my pain killer; she really knew what to do. I didn't have epidural and do not remember any pain. She brought to us a lot of helpful supplements and props. I learned from Susan's birth preparation lessons how to push and it helped me a lot, I didn't have episiotomy and almost no stitches. After our girl was born, Susan visited us to check on our recovery, breastfeeding, and baby care. She helped me with my breastfeeding challenges with hands-on technique, sent me links on educational videos, and emails with support. She even asked us if we needed anything from stores. We hired Susan for postpartum, too. On the days when she was with us, I was able to rest, because she really knew what I needed. Susan cared about us like her own family!