DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
2 TESTIMONIALS

Brittany Longo CD(DONA)

Push Mama Doula Support

New Providence, NJ  Service range 25 miles

9084473342

https://pushmamadoula.com

Birth Fee

$1200 to $2000

CONTACT BRITTANY VIEW BRITTANY'S AVAILABILITY

Brianne Dodd5/3/2023Brittany's support was very appreciated. She was gentle, caring, and supportive thoughout my entire labor. She continuously reminded me of my breathing and helped me remain calm even when my labor was not how I expected. My husband and I are very grateful she was a part of our daughter's birth. Thank you, again!


Gabriella Kattoura3/15/2023It is without a doubt that Brittany was the best choice for my journey to becoming a mother. My husband and I arranged a meeting with Brittany early in our decision making process. We hadn’t even decided whether or not we wanted a doula but after meeting with Brittany we felt that not only would it be necessary but that we had already found the right one! If you’re like me, you may be feeling anxious and rightfully so, this is an incredibly vulnerable moment in your life. It’s important to have a strong team to help guide you through your journey. Naturally, that starts with the core people in your life, maybe your spouse, family, or friends. But don’t overlook the importance of what an amazing doula like Brittany can mean not just on the day of delivery but in the lead up to and postpartum. The wealth of knowledge and support that Brittany offered throughout the process was invaluable. She immediately made me feel comforted in that she knew exactly what I needed without me having to say a word to her, which was so important during labor. Like any first time mother, there was so much that I didn’t know. Britanny not only prepared me for the journey to come but made herself available practically 24/7 for all of my questions and concerns. When I went into labor she was right there in my corner advocating for me, coaching me up, and even capturing my first moments as a mother. Britanny also made sure I had a smooth transition to motherhood. I had the most difficulty postpartum and she continued to check in with me for support and shared helpful resources. Her care was so genuine. Brittany is a consummate professional. Being a doula is clearly a career of passion for her and it shows. In my short time knowing her, she has had a profound impact on my family. If you are considering hiring a doula, you’d be hard pressed to find someone more qualified and capable.