DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
2 TESTIMONIALS

Carla Ward

Your Body Your Birth Doula & Childbirth Education

Asbury Park, NJ  Service range 25 miles

7325986468

http://yourbodyyourbirthdoulaservices.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2300

CONTACT CARLA VIEW CARLA'S AVAILABILITY

Karen Keene8/7/2019Carla is friendly, down to earth, caring, and speaks from experience as a mother and grandmother, as well as a doula. We had a phone interview while she was watching her grandchild. It was very relaxing how she calmly juggled answering my questions while caring for him. That was the kind of energy I needed. I also liked that she has added experience as an EMT. Carla has been wonderful! I had difficulties getting to this successful pregnancy, was 40 when pregnant, and had some very painful challenges in my 3rd trimester (herniated discs in my neck). That resulted in quite a bit of anxiety for me, and Carla was always readily available to answer my many questions and calm my concerns. She even dropped what she was doing once to come over and help me through some very painful spasms with massage and reiki. She gave my husband and me a helpful overview of labor and delivery and comfort techniques in our pre-natal visit.  She helped me navigate high blood pressure, severe swelling, and what we thought was a pinched nerve in my back. During labor, she provided me with suggestions for alternative methods to the interactions I did not want, so we used non-pharmacological methods to induce. We texted all day while I was in labor (We opted to wait on her coming to the hospital and she was completely understanding!) and I ended up having an emergency C-section. It ended up being our preference to have privacy in the hospital, but Carla lovingly checked on us often, repeatedly offered to visit, help with breast-feeding, or bring food. At our postnatal visits at home, Carla brought me very helpful supplies, a lovely gift, and even made us a homemade dinner!  She has continued to offer me very helpful guidance and support. I very highly recommend her, and I’m grateful she and I shared this experience.   


Nicole3/27/2019I was so excited to work with Carla from the moment we met. She made me feel instantly comfortable and at ease. Our prenatal meeting was so helpful for my husband and I and she supplied us with great materials to help us plan the birth. Sadly things did not go according to plan as I had to have an unplanned c-section after 2 ECVs. During that highly stressful time, Carla was our rock, helping us to make difficult decisions and ensuring us that we were doing our best and that we were making the best choices to bring our baby into the world (something that I really wish I had with my first birth experience). Having a neutral and calm professional who was extremely knowledgeable helped me avoid what could have been a very traumatic experience. She also stayed after the surgery to help us adjust, and the postpartum visits were lovely as well. I would hire her again a thousand times! Highly recommended. 