DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
17 TESTIMONIALS

Elyse Breit, CD(DONA)

Breit Birthworks

Fanwood, NJ  Service range 50 miles

908-875-0210

https://breitbirthworks.com

Birth Fee

$1800

CONTACT ELYSE VIEW ELYSE'S AVAILABILITY

Brooke Naylor6/9/2023My husband and I are so grateful for Elyse’s guidance and support throughout my pregnancy, labor, and delivery journey. She has such a wealth of knowledge and an amazing amount of pre/postnatal resources to share. She was always so generous with her time and so helpful with answering our many questions. We learned so much from her. She always checked on me and made me feel so taken care of from the beginning of our time together. Thank you for everything Elyse!


Jessika3/17/2023As first time parents, my husband and I sought the support of a doula for pregnancy, labor & delivery, and postpartum. After interviewing about 8 doulas, we decided to go with Elyse. Her services did not disappoint, as she provided us with extensive prenatal information such as exercises and webinars on birth, parenting, postpartum care & more! During labor she supported us with positions that helped speed things up, accompanied us to the birth center, advised me on what to ask my care provider, and provided comfort measures such as massage, and coached me along with my care team. She supported my husband and included him every step of the way. Elyse also will follow up postpartum and sincerely answer any questions with well-researched information, or she will find the answer. She will also work to connect you with the right support people in her extensive network.My husband are so glad we met Elyse and highly recommend her to others seeking a caring, knowledgeable, and dedicated doula.


Alyxa lease3/9/2023Elyse was my primary doula for my birth in February. I selected her because I felt a good connection and liked that she had experience with acupressure support during birth.I ended up having a precipitous and early term birth, so Elyse was doubled booked during my delivery; however she was great about ensuring I had the best support possible with a back up doula and post partum she provided great resources to support me.She even made herself available to support me while supporting another birth during my early labor.I would highly recommend her and am grateful for her support!


Stephanie Beltran2/26/2023My husband and I decided that having a doula for support during pregnancy, labor and postpartum would be a great experience for us. After interviewing several doulas, we chose Elyse and we do not regret our decision at all whatsoever. Elyse supported us during pregnancy by visiting us in our home and providing us with techniques to prepare us for labor. She would send us videos and articles to review as well. Elyse was always just a text or call away if we had questions or were uncertain about anything related to labor. I had a very long labor- 34 hours to be exact. She was available via phone from the beginning and supported us in-person as soon as we requested. I cannot imagine my labor without her by our side. She advocated for us at the hospital and made sure to explain things to us thoroughly before we made any medicinal decisions.Her postpartum support was amazing. My son was born with a cleft palate. She continued to answer any questions we had (to the best of her knowledge) and even directed us to centers/people that could further support us and our son. You will not regret having Elyse as your doula! I will always remember the support she gave us and will always cherish the bond we created! 


Laima1/5/2023My husband and I was so lucky to find such a kind, knowledgeable and very experienced doula for holiday season. Elyse provided all necessary information, and supported me throughout all my pregnancy, labor and delivery. Elyse keeps learning all the time, and attends different seminars and webinars, so you can have all the latest technics to ease your labor, delivery and postpartum recovery. Elyse also provided a great support after delivery for me and for my baby. I highly recommend Elyse as your doula, as your birthing partner and as your friend.


Jessica Sanchez11/14/2022 My husband and I had the pleasure of having Elyse Breit, as our doula for the  birth of our first baby. Elyse was with us every step of the way. From the beginning, she listened to what we wanted our experience to be like and provided us with the tools that could help us achieve the birth experience that we envisioned. She was knowledgeable about at-home things we could do such as various exercises/ stretches, spinning babies and hypno- birthing to name a few, and she was always available to answer questions at all hours of the day.During labor (30+ hours!) Elyse was an absolute lifesaver, she provided different positions to move labor along, as well as pain management techniques. After the birth of our daughter, Elyse helped me breastfeed her for the first time and continued to support us throughout our postpartum journey.The support that Elyse provided made us feel more comfortable and confident throughout the entire pregnancy and labor/ delivery. We couldn’t have done it without her.We highly recommend Elyse Breit as a doula!


Kristen10/30/2022We are very happy we chose Elyse as our doula. We found her to be very supportive, caring, knowledgeable, responsible, and easy to communicate with. Her genuine love for being a doula and interest in supporting people in birth shows. She was a huge support to us through our birth process as first time parents not knowing what to expect. She asked us questions and was supportive of our choices, bringing knowledge and options to the table without being judgy or pushy. Thanks to our discussions with her we were much better prepared for labor. In the delivery room she was a calm and steady presence, and even though our "ideal" plans went out the window pretty early on, she was always trying to support us and come up with ideas and options to help even if the situation was not ideal, taking things as they were. She took covid protocols seriously and also arranged for us to meet with a back up doula, just in case. We had an overall wonderful experience with Elyse and are so happy we chose to work together for the birth of our child. Highly recommend, zero regrets!


Lauren Kozak8/29/2022I worked with Elyse to prepare for the birth of my son. Elyse was very patient, knowledgeable, and kind. She answered any and all questions that I had. She came prepared to every meeting and made sure that all of my expectations were met. As an added bonus, she provides great prenatal massages! I appreciated her perspective and felt very confident with my birth plan prior to labor. I would recommend Elyse as a birth doula. 


savannah wyatt-marsella8/10/2022I can’t say enough good things about Elyse. She is empowering, thorough, educated and warm. It is apparent that she has been doing this for a long time and loves what she does. I would highly recommend her as your doula. Savannah Wyatt-Marsella 


Nicholle5/12/2022My husband and I had the pleasure of working with Elyse for the delivery of our first baby. She was a great support throughout my pregnancy, labor & delivery, and postpartum. As first time parents, we were very nervous about the whole birthing experience, however with Elyse's help & expertise, we were able to properly prepare for the birth of our son by learning about different labor positions, exercises, videos, articles, and so on. Her knowledge of labor and delivery was very helpful and apparent. During labor and delivery, Elyse was there every step of the way providing assistance and making sure I was comfortable throughout the process. I am so grateful I had Elyse's help and definitely recommend her to future mommies :)


The Davis Family4/18/2022It is my pleasure to recommend Elyse Breit and her doula service with no reservations. She is very dedicated to her field and does constant research to keep up with the latest information and assist new mothers. She advocates for mothers and empowers them in the hospital setting so they can make the best decisions for their birth plan. Her motherly care for me combined with her passion for human anatomy really sets her out from the rest of the doulas that I interviewed. She is overall a fantastic add-on to your birth team and is a great resource for information.


Heather Seidman3/28/2022We had the fortunate experience to be paired with Elyse late in my pregnancy. As a doula, she is full of knowledge, warm, caring, and offered useful tools to help me prepare for delivery. She spent time getting to know my family and discussing my birth plan. On the day of the delivery, she was very responsive and instrumental in providing on-site support for both my husband and me. She was an advocate for me and my preferences, prioritizing my needs throughout the delivery process. I would highly recommend Elyse to anyone seeking a doula, we feel lucky that we found her. 


Jessica S.3/22/2022I am beyond grateful for the support that Elyse provided me throughout my birth journey. While I was pregnant, Elyse helped me with everything from building my birth plan, to providing me with various stretches/exercises to help turn my baby when he was breech (which worked!), to helping me build my confidence leading up to birth. On my son’s birthday, she was the calm support that my husband and I needed in the room. My birth did not go exactly as planned and Elyse was able to help us navigate us through our options and provide support along the way. Elyse’s services did not end there. She helped us through the postpartum stage, making sure that we were settling into being new parents and that we had all the resources needed to succeed. Elyse is extremely caring and passionate, and I cannot imagine my experience without her support. Having a baby is a monumental moment in a person’s life and I highly recommend having Elyse as your doula to ensure you have a wonderful experience like we did


Anyelina7/15/2021I had a very long but beautiful birth experience that I will never forget. I'm so grateful for the support Elyse provided me during my 24+ hours of labor. Elyse helped me remain calm by being there with me through every contraction, providing me with a hand to hold, assisting with comfort touch, and suggesting different techniques. I really couldn't have done it without her. She went above and beyond postpartum by checking in with me and my baby, sharing information on breastfeeding as I had some struggles with latching, and taking me and my baby to our first lactation consultation. I highly recommend Elyse to all my friends and family to be their doula because everyone deserves the best support during labor.


Brittany6/29/2021What really stands out to me after working with Elyse as our doula is her passion for this work: both her enthusiasm and vast knowledge - both as an experienced mother and avid student in this field. As a first-time mother, I didn't know what I was getting myself into. Elyse provided so many different types of resources (in addition to herself), and if I had a question she didn't have an immediate answer for, she didn't hesitate to do the research and provide me with evidence-based answers. I felt fully supported by Elyse for these past few months and am so grateful for her support, care and love!


Shifra Caruso6/28/2021Elyse went above and beyond for me as my doula. What I really appreciated was that she was totally open to me making the best decision for me. Her massages helped me through the hardest parts of my labor, her insight and educational materials were invaluable, and her calming demeanor allowed me to be myself. I am so thankful to have had Elyse with me during the hardest yet very special time in my life.


Dina6/23/2021Elyse provided wonderful emotional and educational support before and after birth.  When struggling with breastfeeding, Elyse stepped in and provided contact information for a wonderful IBCLC when we were lost.  She has been checking on me postpartum to make sure all is well and to provide additional support as she knows how challenging postpartum can be.  Elyse is warm, caring and wants to be the best doula she can be.