DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
19 TESTIMONIALS

Emily McMichael, AAHCC, CLC, CD(DONA), HBCE, LLLL

Bundle of Joy Birth Services

Flemington, NJ  Service range 55 miles

(201) 993-5355

https://www.bundleofjoybirth.com/

Birth Fee

$1250

CONTACT EMILY VIEW EMILY'S AVAILABILITY

Cecilia Domino7/8/2023There aren't any words to truly describe how grateful we are for Emily. We used her as a doula for the birth of our first daughter. From the initial phone call, to the texts with questions after bringing our newborn home, Emily met every one of our needs with compassion and true care. Despite our best efforts to create the birth plan of my dreams, my true birth was quite the opposite. However, Emily made sure I was supported and felt informed of all of my decisions along the way. Emily not only provided support to myself, but my husband as well, making sure his needs were met during the long labor process and allowing him to get some much needed rest. Ultimately, hiring Emily as a doula allowed me to advocate for my needs during prenatal appointment, understand my options while decision making in the laboring process and to have peace of mind as I entered this new world as a new mother. Hiring Emily was the best decision for myself and my family - we highly recommend hiring her to support you on your birthing journey!


Selene L.6/7/2023I highly recommend Emily as a doula and Bradley method teacher! I’m so glad I found her to help me with the birth of my first child. Before giving birth, my husband and I took Emily’s Bradley method class which helped us learn about natural childbirth, how to advocate for ourselves during childbirth, and how my husband can support me during childbirth. Without this class, I think my husband and I would have felt overwhelmed at the hospital and would have blindly followed the suggestions of the medical staff without really considering other options or thinking about our preferences. A few weeks before my due date, Emily met with us to go over our birth plan and discuss various issues related to childbirth which helped us mentally prepare for the big day. On the day I gave birth, Emily came to the hospital and stayed with us until I gave birth to my son and had nursed him – which was well after 2 AM. During the whole time she was with us, she was a calming presence, encouraging me, suggesting different positions, helping me with the visualization that I was using to manage the pain, and bringing me water and juice. It was really reassuring to have someone experienced with the birthing process constantly by my side. Thanks to Emily’s help, I was able to have the natural and completely unmedicated childbirth that I was hoping for! A week after giving birth, Emily came to our home again to go over my childbirth experience. She also gave us a timeline of what had happened during the childbirth as well as all the photos she had taken. I’m very grateful that she was there to capture so many precious moments (including a video that she took a few seconds after my son was born), as I would have forgotten many of those moments without her photos and notes. If you’re looking for a doula, I highly recommend Emily! 


Zayna Bishop5/30/2023I cannot recommend Emily enough! I wanted a doula because I have no family nearby and wanted some extra support. Emily far exceeded my expectations and was there for me in every way. She checked in on me frequently before the birth, helped me develop a birth plan, and was with me at the hospital the whole time. She helped me through laboring and advocated for me with the hospital staff. I also took one of her hypnobirthing classes, which was very informative. She visited me after birth to help around the house and she helped me at the hospital with latching the baby for breastfeeding. Overall, I'm so glad I made the decision to hire Emily and I'm beyond pleased with the services I received! 


Andrea Giraldi5/8/2023Emily is an excellent doula and she was a huge benefit to my pregnancy and birth!We took her Bradley Method course as well as hired her as the doula for our planned home birth. Her Bradley class was thorough and helped us prepare for the birth. As a doula, she was there throughout the pregnancy to give emotional support and advice for staying healthy and comfortable.As it turns out, we had a bumpy last month of pregnancy, including an ER visit and a transfer for an induction, and she was there to support through every experience we had. She has a calming presence and knowledgable advice that made all the difference. The L&D nurses told us later that they were impressed with Emily's diligence in helping me switch positions during active labor with an epidural, and that the position changes made the labor go faster! And she advocated for me to make sure our birth plan was followed by the hospital staff. Despite everything, she made sure our first birth was positive and healthy. We are so grateful for all that she did to support us before, during, and after the birth. 


Olivia5/4/2023Hiring Emily as our doula was one of the BEST decisions I made during my first pregnancy. I was truly motivated to have a natural childbirth but had no idea how to prepare mentally, emotionally or physically - Emily was the answer to all of the above. My plan was to labor at home however I ended up being 11 days late with a doctor who wanted to induce me. Thanks to Emily, I had an advocate who was able to guide me during this difficult time (she is so knowledgeable about this space!!) and I was able to go on to have an almost entirely natural childbirth! Emily came to the hospital at the exact time I needed her physically and emotionally. She enabled my husband to be the best birth partner he could be, encouraged me to eat and fuel myself properly, and guided me through labor (so many helpful positions and recommendations!). I truly believe I would not have had the magical & natural birth experience I wanted without Emily. And to top it all off, Emily was there for me for the entire 2 weeks after birth, providing lactation support and emotional support as I worked through my post partum blues. My husband and I could not recommend Emily more!! 


Amanda3/30/2023Working with Emily was the best! As a first time mom, I had a lot of thoughts for what I wanted as a birth experience, and wanted a doula to help guide me through that journey. Emily was that and more! She helped provide information that I could use to consent/deny treatments in a hospital setting in an informed manner, gave great advice during labor, and when labor progressed faster than either of us thought, she was a lifeline! To anyone considering a doula for their birth, I highly recommend working with Emily! 


Amanda3/11/2023Emily was a godsend during my pregnancy and labor! We had a hospital birth that started off already different than expected. For a first timer, my husband and I really wanted the expertise of a doula to assist us while we naviagted this new experience. She was so supportive of all of my wishes and changes as things progressed.  She is knowledgable and considerate during the hard moments and  made them easier. Looking back at my birth, she spent time going over the timeline and made me feel proud that I really had a hard birth and that I did well. I highly recommend Emily and her classes for any mom, first time or not, to have the most amazing support system and a fountain of knowledge on birth! 


Fran2/28/2023Hiring Emily was one of the best choices I made during my pregnancy. She truly cares about her clients as people and supports you in every decision that you make. She encouraged me to make informed decisions and I don't think my birth would have been the same without her. My husband already said that we will be using her again if we decide to have a second child. Also if you want to take any of her birthing classes she really gets to know you, and it helps her support you even more during your birth experience.  


Katie2/7/2023We LOVED working with Emily for the birth of our second son. Emily was so supportive throughout my pregnancy and birth—both emotionally and physically. She catered to exactly what we needed and had lots of quick solves through a tough labor and delivery! She is a warm and calming presence and I truly could not have done this without her! We would 100% recommend having Emily as your doula.


Karissa Georginis1/31/2023I am so happy that I decided to hire Emily as my doula for my second birth. I decided to search for a doula in my second trimester, realizing that I would be needing extra support since I wanted a VBAC. After my first initial phone call with Emily, I had cried tears of joy because I felt so relieved to find someone who understood my decision to VBAC and seemed to be SO supportive.  Emily is incredibly educated on childbirth and was always able to offer a plethora of information on any questions that I had. My husband and I also took Emily's Bradley Method class, which emphasizes that birth is a natural process and we learned about the concept of physiological birth. Her class was extremely informative and lined up with the birth that I was hoping to have. My husband and I were so grateful to have Emily as part of this process. I would HIGHLY recommend her services to anyone having a baby. Having Emily's support throughout my pregnancy and birth was so essential to me having a better experience the 2nd time around. I am forever thankful.


Megan Barrett11/11/2022Emily is the best!!! I interviewed at least 7 different doulas and Emily made me feel the most comfortable and most qualified. She was there every step of the way and when things changed (planned c section) she helped me think of things I would've never considered and truly made the experience ten times better for me. My husband said "even if we could've have both of our moms there I would've still wanted Emily" she made my husband feel calm and took care of everything in recovery while I was unable. We truly could not have gone through birth without her. Best decision ever!! She continues to be a great resource and  checks in to make sure everything is going well 


Cristina Becker7/4/2022Such a wonderful experience taking a one-on-one birthing refresher with Emily. She was so patient, knowledgeable, and thorough in answering all of my questions and preparing me for birthing the second time around. The suggestions she offered based on her training and on my first birthing experience were incredibly helpful to navigate the different experience the second time around. I couldn't recommend her  enough!!


Morgan Parkes1/25/2022Emily and I initially met through Bradley Method classes.  As our Bradley Method instructor, Emily was extremely knowledgeable about all things related to birth and pregnancy.  She was also extremely friendly and easy to get along with - we immediately hit it off.  We planned on a home birth with midwives for an intimate and personal birth experience - I knew Emily would be the perfect person to share all of this with - we were just very much on the same page about all things surrounding the birth and pregnancy processes.  Emily helped us prepare for birth through our classes, on the phone, through video chats and helped us write our birth plan. Fast forward to November 29, 2021, my amniotic fluid was low and I needed to be induced at the hospital.  I labored for 4 days strapped to tons of machines and monitors.  Emily comforted me and helped me through the worst of it.  She helped us advocate for ourselves and was able to distinguish between hosptial protocols and the law for us.  She also helped us with things like medical consent.  She put me in countless positions to help drop the baby and dilate me.  Unfortunately my baby just wasn't ready and after 3 rounds of a pitocin induction, I was sent for a c-section as I really had exhausted all options at that point.  She is truly committed and cares for her clients.  Again, I could not be more grateful for everything Emily did for us.  She was prepared, knowledgeable, has the physical endurance of an ox (she helped us while she herself was 31 weeks pregnant), is upbeat, positive and truly one of the most amazing human beings I have ever met.  Emily is a treasure in the birth world and you would be lucky to have her as your doula, lactation consultant and/or Bradley Method teacher.  She really cares deeply about her work and her clients and it shines through in everything she does. 


Kimberly Dreher12/30/2021We are so pleased that we found Emily to help us with the birth of our second child.  She helped us to have the birth experience we wanted - a calmer and more emotionally unifying experience compared to the whirlwind of our first hospital delivery.  We felt her support from the minute we spoke to her on the phone.  She helped us to think about things that we might want to decide on before the birth and she helped to encourage us as we prepared for the birth.  Her presence during labor and delivery helped to fill us with confidence and peace while simultaneously reducing our anxiety and fear.  Emily's support continued after our delivery and was exactly what we needed.  We would strongly recommend Emily to anyone having a baby and we will reach out to her again if we are blessed to have another child in the future.


Mike D12/11/2021Emily was an integral part of our birth story from start to finish.  She was our Bradley Method instructor before birth, our Doula leading up to and during birth, and our lactation consultant after birth.  She was with us every step of the way providing guidance, knowledge and reassurance in what turned out to be a very challenging birth with quite a few medical complications.As our Bradley Method instructor, she was incredibly knowledgeable and easy to get along with.  We spent over 24 hours with her over the course of three months learning the ins and outs of the Bradley Method.  There wasn’t a question she didn’t have an answer to and she made all of the material easily digestible for us.As our Doula, Emily played a crucial role in our birth.  She was our advocate, protector, and advisor as our birth plan had to be adjusted to account for medical difficulties.  Despite being over 31 weeks pregnant, Emily arrived at the hospital at 2am to start our birthing process and stayed with us for a very extended period of time.  She knew all of the details and goals of our birth plan and made sure that our providers respected our wishes.   As our lactation consultant, Emily helped my wife in the critical golden hour period and well beyond to ensure a successful mother/child breastfeeding relationship. I truly cannot express the amount of gratitude and appreciation my wife and I have for her.  She shared some of our most intimate and vulnerable periods of our life and has become like family.  I hope everyone gets to experience the incredible mind, spirit, and comforting nature that Emily provides.  She is a very special person.


Madison12/10/2021Emily was an absolutly wonderful doula. From the beginning of our pregnancy to our birth, Emily was a pillar of support for me, my husband, and our newest addition. Emily brought a wealth of knowledge, suggestions, and guidance when we had to make some hard, unexpected decisions. We experienced many twists and turns through our labor and birth journey and Emily stayed by our side to help us and always knew the next question to ask. We are very grateful for Emily's support during our birth, we couldn't imagine having the experience of bringing our son into this world without her by our side! 


Marisa11/28/2021Emily was incredibly helpful to me and my newborn son during our first week of breastfeeding (and his life!). I needed guidance on getting a better latch and positions to feed him where he could get a deeper attachment to feed- I’m a first time mom btw. He went from getting little milk (which I had plenty of but he couldn’t eat well with the poor latch) to gaining two pounds at his three week pediatrician appointment!Time was of the essence and Emily did a home visit with me when I wasn’t in physical shape to go to a doctors office for breastfeeding help. I greatly appreciated her willingness to drive to me the same day I called her! She was professional and careful, wore a mask and gloves and asked each time she leaned in to make sure I felt comfortable with her distance (COVID) and was great in talking me through what to do with my baby. Emily is a gentle soul with a gift and she really helped us when we needed it. She even followed up with a series of emails including helpful suggestions to my questions for meeting our continued breastfeeding challenges. I highly recommend her for one-on-one breastfeeding support!


Jeff Kuczynski11/3/2021My wife and I just recently used Bundle of Joy for our home birth. I have to admit I was very nervous about doing a home birth, but Emily was able to settle my nerves, and instill assurance through her in depth knowledge and confidence. Being able to take the back seat, but also being able to grab the reigns at any moment is a very difficult thing, but Emily was able to teach us certain techniques that benefitted us from pre-labor, active labor, through transition and even after. The way she was able to describe to me, and walk me through each process made this experience one that I could actually enjoy, instead of being so nervous and uncomfortable. As a father, husband, and client I would 100% recommend Bundle of Joy to anyone who seeking their ideal birth experience!


Sofia Saieh-Kuczynski11/3/2021My experience with Emily as my doula far surpassed my expectations. Emily was available prior to, during, and after the birth of my child. As a transformative life experience, the birth of my child was one I truly wanted to cherish. Emily's way to assist me through an unmedicated home water birth was extraordinary! Emily's ability to verbally and physically encourage and support me throughout my labor was something I truly benefitted from. There were times that I didn't know what I needed in the moment and Emily immediately supported me. She listened to my needs, my dislikes, likes and was also able to support my husband through the entire experience. I truly believe I couldn't have given birth to our beautiful miracle without Emily. I will be forever grateful and happy to encourage future parents and mamas to have Emily as your doula. I remain in contact with Emily now for lactation support.