DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
41 TESTIMONIALS

Emily Cohen-Moreira

Practical Birth and Breastfeeding

Tenafly, NJ  Service range 30 miles  Greater NYC Area including Northern NJ

917-921-7733

http://www.practicalbirthandbreastfeeding.com

Birth Fee

$2250 to $4000

CONTACT EMILY VIEW EMILY'S AVAILABILITY

Shirley6/17/2023I was so lucky to have found Emily during the last trimester of my first pregnancy.  She was incredibly warm and open with me right from the very beginning and I knew that we would be a good fit after just one conversation over the phone. As a 45-year old, I was petrified of what labor and delivery would be like and how I would get through it. I knew I wanted to try for a vaginal delivery, but I had heard horror stories from so many other women that I didn't think it would be possible at my age. Enter Emily, who spent hours on my couch patiently walking me through every scenario that could come about in the hospital or at home.  She answered every one of my questions and was unbelievably knowledgeable about both the functional/therapeutic side of things as well as the medical aspect of my hospital stay. Within a few visits I had an action plan, exercises to practice, and most importantly a sense of confidence that things would be OK. Fast forward to the day of my delivery; Emily arrived at the hospital while I was still actively dilating. She immediately got me going with massages and exercises that I truly believe helped get me to full dilation within hours of her arrival. She served as my advocate, regularly checking in to see if I needed anything and if I was comfortable with what was going on. When it came time to start pushing, Emily was the strongest voice in the room cheering me on and at a critical point, suggesting some postures that proved to be critical in moving the baby along and allowing me to have a vaginal delivery. In the weeks that followed the birth of my son, Emily shifted her role to lactation consultant. Interestingly, when I continued to have post-partum issues, Emily was able to figure out what was going on 2 weeks prior to the doctors reaching the same diagnosis.  I have absolutely no reservations in recommending this incredibly warm, supportive, and intelligent doula to anyone in need.


Joyce8/24/2022I was going back and forth about having a doula and finally decided at 36 weeks to do it. I picked Emily out of many doulas because of her VBAC experience. Best decision ever!! She is not only very easy to like and personable, but also very knowledgeable and experienced without being pushy or judgmental at all! She is open-minded and cultured as well (+++)! During the grueling labor part, she was massaging me, giving me advice about different positions to help move baby down, advocating for me, and gave lots of affirmation. (That encouragement goes a long long long way when you're in so much pain and forgetting why you decided to do this. She makes you believe in yourself!!!) When I finally pushed my son out after 2 hours, I turned to Emily and said,  "I LOVE YOU!" And then turned to my husband to say the same lol. That's how grateful I was to have her with me through the hardest part of my life. I feel like we are soldiers who survived the battlefield together. I hope you'll have her at your birth too! I absolutely love Emily!!!!! 


Elizabeth Dodd5/13/2018I hired Emily for the birth of my daughter in July, 2017, and she was amazing! I cannot recommend her enough. She helped me through all stages of prep for my birth, and was so helpful during a series of false labor starts the week leading into the actual birth (including several frantic middle of the night phone calls). My plan was to give birth at the NYP-LoMa birthing center (low/no-intervention practice). Once I was actually in labor, she came to our house to help manage early labor, and decide when to go to the hospital. Emily has a car, which allowed her to actually drive my husband and me to the hospital while I was in active labor, which was such a relief for us. At the hospital, I was unfortunately risked out of the birthing center, meaning that I had to go to regular L&D and have continuous fetal monitoring throughout the birth. Wearing the monitor while trying to manage contractions without any meds was a herculean task, and I truly couldn't have done it without Emily's help and expertise. Although I don't have a ton of clear memories of the last few hours until the birth, what I do remember is how diligently Emily literally held the monitor in place so that I could move and manage contractions without the midwives losing the reading on my daughter's heartrate. This ensured I could focus on listening to my body, and keep the labor moving. Emily was proactive throughout the process, jumping in ahead of time to troubleshoot and prevent problems from arising. I 100% credit her with my successful med/intervention-free birth. She was also hugely helpful post-partum with breastfeeding, pumping, and bottle introduction for my daughter. Her advice helped us get set up with pumping/bottle feeding, so that when I eventually returned to work, I didn't experience any struggles with my daughter eating while I was out of the house. Overall, Emily was amazing, and helped us have a very straightfoward and manageable labor/delivery/newborn experience!


Sasha Valerie2/18/2017Our experience with Emily was absolutely amazing. Emily is super experienced, knowledgeable and personable. By the time we were going into labor, we felt so much more prepared and equipped to make the right choices to have our birthing experience go well. She prepped us and was with us every step of the way. If it wasn't for Emily's calm, encouraging and assured presence during the labor, I am quiet certain we would have had panicked and gone into the hospital too quickly. Which is a much bigger deal than I initially thought. There is so much pressure in the hospital to be still and lie down to be monitored, it is very possible I would have asked for the epidural to ease the pain BUT because I was home, in my comfortable position and surroundings...I endured and went into the hospital only to pop the baby out:)Also, the few private sessions with Emily were well worth it. She helped me to find a better breastfeeding position which totally saved my life. And she has great advice about just about everything to do with my little munchkin.Three thumbs up Emily! We will be seeing you for round 2:)Sasha, Pasha & Theodore


christine smallwood2/15/2017Emily is a heroic doula. She is smart, matter-of-fact, knowledgeable, warm, and totally not judgy: on hand to support whatever choices you make. I recommend her most highly. Before the birth she met with us and talked pain coping and other tricks. She was always available to answer questions. During the labor she advocated for us and anticipated our needs. She was unfailingly positive, reassuring, and firm—a great source of strength for me and my husband. It is not easy to deliver a child and Emily made the experience much less scary. She has the wonderful talent of adjusting her presence to what you need and want: she knows when to be funny, when to cheer, when to step back. She also took beautiful candid photos of us with the baby—something I didn't know how much I wanted until I had them. Her post-natal visits were fun and helpful. She seems to have seen it all before, which is very comforting for a first-time mom. Everyone should have a doula like Emily.


Denise Molnar2/15/2017We used Emily as our lactation consultant for my first child and jumped at the chance to use her as our doula for our second baby.  Emily is beyone experienced and put our mind at ease every step of the way.  She was super supportive and informative throughout my pregnancy, and was always there to answer any questions.  During my labor Emily was perfect, and knew just when to offer support, and when to sit back and let my husband take the reigns.   We feel so lucky to have had a healthy natural, unmedicatedl birth.  We highly recommend Emily to anyone who is looking for a well seasoned, supportive, and all around amazing doula.


Jessica Sylvester9/16/2016My husband and I will forever be grateful to Emily for getting us through what was both a very difficult pregnancy, and very dramatic labor and delivery. As first timers, you learn a lot about "what to expect", but in reality when the moment comes everything you learned goes out the window and having a doula like Emily there kept us calm and present in the moment, and able to focus on all that was important that day. We initially hired Emily so that I could have support, but the on going joke is she probably spent more time calming my husband down than me. When she showed up at the hospital that morning, I remember feeling a sigh of relief. As doctors and nurses ran in and out of my room throwing medical terminology at me, Emily kept looking at me and asking "do you know what they mean when they say that?" and then she would explain. When the doctor told me I had a half hour left to push otherwise they would have to C section, Emily communicated my wishes to all the staff and then comforted me that I could do this no matter what the end result. She helped the nurses along with making sure we tried every possible way for a labor without unecessary interventions. I am sure that it was because she was there, that I avoided that C section. What I ended up being most grateful for that day was that throughout 9.5 hours of labor, I felt contractions in my left glute, and Emily massaged it the ENTIRE time! Through all the pain she never acted tired or like she needed a break. It was a marathon contraction and she never quit. Hiring a doula is one of the best decisions a woman can make for a positive birth experience, and if you have Emily by your side you will be safe, well informed, comforted, loved, and supported.


Samantha Hurley Doucet8/31/2016We cannot say enough good things about Emily – we are so grateful to have had her support before, during, and after the birth of our daughter. We had not initially planned to hire a doula, but upon learning that our plan to deliver in a birthing center was no longer a possibility at 37 weeks, we knew that we needed the support of an experienced doula to navigate a hospital setting. Having met Emily as our childbirth educator, we knew she would be the perfect person.Our labor and delivery could not have gone more differently than planned and we were so glad to have Emily by our sides. In addition to being incredibly experienced and wise, Emily is so kind, non-judgmental, confident, and open-minded. When the hospital staff asked me to stay in the bed for monitoring purposes, Emily compromised with the nurses and physically held the monitoring belt to my belly so that I could achieve a more comfortable position standing. Having her present to advocate for us made us so much more comfortable in the hospital setting, which had been a source of anxiety. Emily’s presence and touch are so reassuring; she was the perfect doula for two first time parents.Additionally, as a queer couple, we can assure you that Emily is wonderful to work with! We give Emily our highest recommendation!


Deepa Bansal8/25/2016I found Emily through Doula Match.  I met with several Doula's and immediately I connected with Emly.  She is personable and down-to-earth.  I also was impressed with Emily's overall knowledge and experience.I had an unplanned, emergency c-section, It was a very stressful and scary time, and Emily was our rock. She integrated herself very well with the medical team and our nurse told us how impressed she was with Emily.  I cannot imagine my birthing and post-partum experience without Emily, she was integral.  I  highly recommend Emily!


Meike Schady6/1/2016Emily was recommended to us by a close friend. After the initial meeting with her we knew straight away that we wanted her to be a part of our birth experience. Emily is incredibly knowledgeable and reassuring. Her hands-on approach really made us feel like we were in the best of care and, as Emily put it, have stacked the cards in our favor!After the 2 prenatal visits we were super prepared. Emily really made sure that every topic was covered and all our questions were answered. She helped me preparing witch hazel pads and demonstrated all labouring positions super patiently! With Emily’s help we reached the hospital fully dilated and it took only 2.5 hours to push our little Ada out! After the birth Emily helped me to start Ada breastfeeding and stayed with us in the hospital to make sure that we settled in comfortably. She only left us when we both felt reassured and secure to care for our little girl.Emily was an absolute star during the 2 post-natal visits. Ada would not latch on properly and the inability to feed her properly left me an emotional wreck (poor husband!). Emily came over straight away and guided me into feeding Ada better. Again, as a lactation counselor she was so knowledgeable, from hot compresses on tight engorged breasts and ordering the best breast pump to baby massage for releasing gas and holding positions to offer comfort. She helped us with everything and I was so grateful for the instant and effective help. She made sure to check on us two days later. Everything else worked from that moment on. Her last visit was just a nice lunch, chat and bath for baby Ada.Thanks to Emily we had an amazing birth experience. Everything went exactly how we had wished for and even better! I am forever grateful for Emily’s help, knowledge, reassurance and humour. We made a friend for life and I would highly recommend Emily to give your new baby the best possible start!


Mara Bernstein5/10/2016As a second-time-around mom, who had had a relatively uneventful delivery with my first, I decided I didn't need a doula for the second. Then, in my third trimester, anxiety about the impending due date hit my like a ton of bricks. Thank GOODNESS Emily was able to fit me in as a last minute client! She helped me feel prepared for anything that might arise, helped me navigate planning care for my older child, and quelled some of my anxieties as we counted down the weeks. Then the big day came and... holy crap... that did NOT go according to plan and was NOT uneventful. I can't imagine what sort of state my body, mind (or marriage!) would be in if I hadn't had Emily by my side. She was a gift from the labor and delivery goddesses!


Jessica Walker2/18/2016Working with Emily was an absolute pleasure. She is knowledgeable, accessible and a wonderful confidant to have throughout pregnancy, childbirth and postpartum. She is flexible, giving her advice only when it is asked and relying on the mother to determine what is best for her in all situations. I didn't realize how important it was to have a birth plan until I met with Emily. Her prompted questions made that process very easy and helped me feel confident about my decisions as my due date approached. I particularly appreciate Emily's humor and ability to make all aspects of childbirth enjoyable to learn about. She has magical hands when it comes to calming massage techniques. During our pre-labor sessions with Emily she showed us techniques that can help turn a baby who is not in an ideal position for birth. We practiced these exercises extensively and I feel confident that they helped my labor progress quickly, very quickly in fact. Emily arrived when I was fully dilated and assisted with getting me to the hospital safely and quickly. Emily was right by my side encouraging me during the pushing phase, which definitely helped me feel comfortable and confident about the part of labor I was most apprehensive about. In the hospital following birth Emily was such an amazing advocate and took care of our needs and communication with the hospital staff. This allowed me to focus solely on the baby and the magical time that follows after giving birth. I had many challenges with breastfeeding following the birth of my son. Emily had great ideas on how to improve the baby's latch and positioning. She checked in on me and was a reassuring voice that is so crucial for new mothers.


James Isaaks2/10/2016Emily was amazing. When I first heard the suggestion of using a Dula I was a bit apprehensive. I joked with my partner that if we interviewed some perspective dula's I would have some questions ready about astrology and crystals in my back pocket that i could use as immediate disqualifiers. However when we met Emily I forgot any such ideas. Having an advocate who was completely familiar with the process of giving birth was such a huge help. Emily was there to answer numerous questions along the way. When it came time, despite unexpected changes, Emily was there %100 to support us. The knowledge she had was invaluable to someone like me, a first time father. She was a huge asset and an great friend. It’s my belief that in NYC having your own personal experienced Advocate to help navigate the birth of your child is a no-brainer. Emily gets a 10/10 for me in performing this role.


jessicanyc11/27/2016Choosing Emily as our doula was the best decision my husband and I could have made. Very little of my birth plan went as expected. From not going to my choice of hospital to 33 hours of labor, Emily was there with us the entire time!! She never acted overwhelmed, negative, tired or as if she didn't want to be there. She kept me calm, positive and as comfortable as possible through very painful contractions. She was also our advocate trying to keep as much of my plan intact as she could when I was too exhausted to think straight! We never felt the situation was beyond her capabilities or outside of her comfort zone and she worked very well with my midwife and the staff. Getting the opportunity to meet beforehand and then again a few weeks after the birth was also a great bonus! Beforehand, you get to ask all of your questions and get a sense of what to expect...even the unexpected. And all your new questions that come up afterward are addressed when you meet again. Completely worth it!! If we have another, she's our girl :)


Evie McGee1/26/2016We were referred to Emily through friends who had recently had a home birth. After our initial meeting we felt confident that she would be a good match for us - her friendly, knowledgable, confident manner and the abilty to put one at ease. Our birth "plan" flew out the window step by step. I was Strep B positive so a long labor at home was questionable. My due date came and went. The two weeks following the DD were excruciating, including 4 days of start/stop labor.  Emily was fantastic throughout this time, positive, encouraging, offering resources and suggestions on how to get labor going, reassurance that what I was experiencing was not the result of anxoiusness. Ultimately I was induced, the last thing I wanted an entire labor and delivery in the hospital. Emily joined us as soon as the labor was underway. From the second she walked through the door the energy in the room changed, the focus was no longer on passing time till medical intervention suceeded in bring on labor but rather on active participatiion.  Things progressed quickly and Emily was amazing during active labor. The coutner-pressure and position changes that she suggested literally made unbearable pain, bearable. I planned to try and go without an epidural but had doubts that I could handle it if I was induced. Not only was I able to deliver without one, I truly did not even consider it - all of the coping methods Emily applied were enough. In Emily we found a great partner, her abilty to offer exactly what's needed at the moment makes her an excellent Doula. Our birth experience was even better than I had hoped, it was calm, reassured, and loving. I know it turned out that way in large part thanks to Emily's support and guidence. From preparations for the birth with practical tools to our daughter's first diaper,  Emily helped every step of the way. Super star Doula that she is, she headed right into another labor down the hall after ours!


Sharon Jacker1/20/2016My labor at home and at the Birthing Center at Roosevelt/St. Luke's/Mt. Sinai was truly a fantastic experience!  Emily helped my trust myself, and was reassuring but never pushy.  She was calm, strong, and helped do whatever possible to ensure that I felt supported, and as in control as possible. She literally held me up through triage, which was not such a confortable environment, and once we got into the room, things were smoother than I dreamed.  Laboring in the bathtub, on the toilet, next to the bed, and finally pushing on in the bed on my side, Emily coached me in collaboration with the midwife and my partner.  She was great at sensing what would make me feel good (water, counterpressure against my legs, a hand on my back) before I even knew or could say what I wanted.  Then, after the baby was born she helped make sure we had a good latch and felt settled in.  Unfortunately, after my ideal natural labor, I developed a scary blood clot after the midwife had gone home, and Emily stayed with me to make sure we got the help I needed, which was eventually emergency surgery to remove the hematoma. So her role switched from direct support to advocating for me in the hospital setting, and I got to see her at ease and competent in both environments. I'm so glad Emily was there with us, and I would do it the same way if I had to do it over again.  Thanks, Emily!


Jennifer Gutierrez Cates1/19/2016How to describe what having Emily on my birth team meant to me? Of course I planned to have as little interventions as possible, but after my 16 week check up, I had complications that threw my low intervention birth plan out the window. Emily was invaluable those weeks. She offered comfort, hope, and encouragement. When I had to be induced 2 weeks early, it seemed every intervention, I hoped to avoid, was now being pushed by my doctor! Emily didn't change that outcome. She did better. She helped my husband and I work within the parameters set before us. When I wasn't progressing and the doctor suggested I prepare for a c-section. Emily got me up on my knees (even with an epidural, I didn't want) and I was able to dilate to 9cm! When I was ready to push the doctor wanted to do a vacuum extraction, Emily encouraged me and I was able to push out my baby on my own in 36 minutes. Even post partum, Emily was available to answer every text and call I had. My birth was not what I had planned, but with Emily there I was able to have a vaginal delivery of a healthy baby girl. I know, if she weren’t there, I would have ended up with a c-section. She was worth every penny and if I were to have a second baby, I would want her there.


Jessica Phillips12/10/2015At a party I listened to a friend recount the story of the birth of her son. Birth is a known dramatic event and her tale was thrilling to hear, the kind of drama you can't turn away from. The doctor was pushing for a c-section for no medical reason. My friend was determined to have a vaginal delivery. The heroine of the story was Emily Cohen-Moreira. Emily was able to diplomatically assist the mother and her partner to make their own decision. The result was a delivery the parents were comfortable and happy with - a vaginal one.I knew that my husband and I could use a champion and coach like Emily. When the time came we hired Emily. Her prenatal home visits were very helpful to get us acquainted. She helped to calm my fears about the inevitable pain and struggle of delivery. She is a great listener.When the big day came she was an amazing support/coach/advocate. She answer questions, helped us make informed decision and supported me through each contraction. She listened and helped us adhere to our birth plan. She was skilled at navigating the many parties involved in the delivery, including my nervous and very present mother.After our son was in the world Emily provided us with much needed lactation consultations. She is always there to answer my questions via text, email or phone call. She helped me established excellent breastfeeding habits.During labor I was determined, terrified and vulnerable. My husband was a solid supporter but not a trained professional. Having Emily as part of our birth team allowed him to focus on my emotional well being.Emily is passionate about her job. In hindsight I would have paid double to have Emily support our birth.


Debbie Blumberg11/23/2015Emily was an amazing part of our birthing team, a source of strength and support, and I cannot imagine the birth of my second daughter without her. From her words of wisdom during the final weeks of pregnancy, to her guidance making key decisions during labor, she was invaluable, and I believe a key factor in me being able to have the natural birth that I wanted. She is also a truly kind and interesting person; from the moment my husband and I met her, we felt like she was an old friend. I highly recommend working with Emily.


Kate M11/15/2015I heard about Emily from a friend who had her as a doula and I am so glad I have chosen her to be present at the birth of my son.As first time parents we did not know what to expect and how to find that perfect middle ground between the rigid medical system and our intentions to have a birth with the least intervention possible. Emily was there for us to find that middle ground and to feel comfortable with our own choices.Emily’s presence brought peace to the chaotic and stressful situations. She has helped me feel at ease with all my decisions prior to and during the birthing process as well as made sure I feel strong and confident as a first time mom after birth.Without Emily I would not have witnessed the most magical moment of birth. I am grateful to her for that precious gift and for her strength and dedication to all of my family that day.She is a truly amazing person and doula. I would recommend her in a heartbeat.


Victoria Byres11/9/2015I love Emily and highly recommend her doula services. As soon as I first met her I felt that she was the kind of woman I would want by my side when I was in labour. She was strong, capable, warm and efficient with a broad knowledge and understanding of childbirth and baby care. Emily genuinely cared about my family and helped us all enormously before, during and after the birth of my daughter.


jelena holaves11/5/2015Unlike other mothers-to-be who decide to go with a doula months before their due date, I made this decision last minute. I was fortunate that when I reached out to Emily, she was able to and willing to add me to her already busy summer calendar. Emily went out of her way to make the introductory meeting within just a day of me reaching out to her and also come to my office to meet with me.She was very well organized and offered to share a useful template for the birthing plan. I was very busy with office work all the way up until my due date and didn't have much time to think about what to bring to the hospital on the big day - so Emily helped with preparing me and providing detailed check lists of what to buy and bring with me to the hospital.Emily is very kind and loving offering her warmth and support all throughout the entire process. In addition, she is super responsive including being so responsive on the day I needed her the most when I went to the hospital late at night. This is my first baby, and my husband and I had a lots of questions - Emily, being very knowledgable, had an answer for every situation.The most valuable and useful tips, I learned from Emily in the first days after our baby was born. I was set on breastfeeding and even though our baby had to spend a first few weeks in NICU, without Emily's help, knowledge and persistence, I would not have been able to breastfeed - Thank you Emily! I had a lot of questions regarding how to care for the baby at home and Emily was there for me to teach me and support me during our very useful post-natal home visits.I definiely reccomend Emily and her doula services to any mother-to-be looking for an experienced, knowledable and personable doula!


Asra Syed11/3/2015My "Plan A" was a natural childbirth but I wanted my doula to help educate me in advance about under what circumstances I should opt for interventions given that my #1 goal was for a safe, quick delivery.Emily exceeded my expectations. She teaches childbirth education classes, so is very well-informed about the various medical and non-medical options and procedures you may confront during your labor and delivery and helped me and my husband figure out our preferences without judgment. She also went over many ways my husband could support me as I labored and during my pregnancy, which allayed his worries of being a bystander during a singular time in our marriage and our child's life. Thanks to the many hours Emily spent with us, by the time I went into active labor, I felt surprisingly well prepared.Emily was by my side encouraging me through every stage of labor, literally massaging me and coaching me through each contraction without ever seeming to tire out. (I was in active labor for ~16 hours.) I was able to deliver as I wanted - without any pain meds or unnecessary interventions, even though my baby was in a posterior position. The only intervention I received was a little Pitocin after I was fully dilated to speed up my contractions so I could start pushing. I truly don't think I could have achieved that if i hadn't had Emily preparing me and supporting me throughout.Her postpartum support, especially re breastfeeding, has been invaluable, too. I can see why so many moms try breastfeeding but soon quit - it's not instinctual! - and here again I feel like Emily's willingness to offer strategies on everything from getting a good latch to ensuring good output to use of the breast pump has kept me going even when I've hit obstacles.If I have another child, I'd definitely turn to Emily again to be my doula. Not only is she 1000% qualified, but she's your ultimate champion.


Sarah Burton11/2/2015Our experience with Emily could not have been better. She is an incredibly energetic, positive and supportive person who is able to take charge in very challenging circumstances while remaining sensitive to the preferences of her clients. I had a long, slow and diffcult labor, and Emily was a source of strength and comfort throughout. She stayed in close contact from the moment labor began and arrived at our apartment when we simply couldn't manage my discomfort on our own anymore (although my contractions, even after 24 hours, had not become regular nor as close enough together as they would normally be for her to travel to a client). She even left the birth class she was conducting early to get to us right away. She stayed overnight at our apartment, taking turns with my husband and guiding him in different techniques for managing my pain. She kept our spirits up as we became increasingly exhausted. Eventually, we left for the hospital and, after almost 48 hours of labor, I made the difficult choice to have an epidural (I had wanted to give birth naturally but was progressing unusually slowly and with a great deal of pain). Emily was extremely supportive, which helped ease my disappointment. During the pushing phase, she gave me constructive advice while cheering me on. After the birth, she stayed with us until she was sure we were settled and arranged a post-partum/lactaction support meeting shortly after we left the hospital. We were relieved and grateful to have had such effective and unflagging support throughout labor and thrilled to welcome our healthy baby boy Luca into the world. Thank you Emily!


Anna Amadei6/22/2015Emily is a rock star. I decided to have a doula for my second delivery as my first one was very hard and complicated and ended with a shoulder distorcya and an injury in my pelvis. Also, my husband was recovering from an injury and on crutches so we thought it was a good idea to get some help.I wanted to have another natural delivery even if at the hospital and I wanted to be more in control of what was happening to make choices and decisions even during labour.We knew Emily as we took her childbirth class while pregnant with our first baby, and when we thought about hiring a doula we immediately thought of Emily. Beside giving a great class, she was always available to talk with us at the phone if we had questions and she was also on the phone with me while laboring for my first child. So generous of her!!So we decided to hire her, and it was the best decision we ever made. She helped me so much going thru the pain of contractions, she encouraged me at the right time and in the right moment, with exactly the right words. She speaks three languages (the same I speak) and therefore it didn't matter what language I would feel comfortable speaking, she would understand. She would be able to understand when I communicated with my husband in Spanish and this. Was a great great plus.She was also super in charge and comfortable at the hospital where we delivered and nurses left me alone and let me do my labor without intervening much. This also made. Huge difference.Emily knows exactly what's happening and why and therefore creates an atmosphere of calm and strength around the mother in labor.I 100% sure that my second delivery went so smooth and we'll because of all the tips Emily gave me.during pregnancy and because of her irreplaceable presence during the day of the delivery.If you hire Emily you'll be in fantastic hands.


Nagisa S4/17/2015I didn’t know about doula until late in my pregnancy. We heard about doula for the first time when my husband and I took birth class. We wanted to delay any pain medication as long as possible but we had no confident since we were first time parents. So when we heard about doula, we thought having doula was great idea. We asked our teacher if she knew anyone who is very knowledgeable and has a lot of experience. The first person came up in her mind was Emily and she recommended us to contact her. We contacted her and set up the interview right away. We liked how knowledgeable and confident she was. My husband and I both agreed that we did not need to look for or to interview anyone else after we met her.She came over our house and gave us valuable lectures. She was always available to answer all of our questions and to give us advices whenever we needed.When my labor started in the middle of the night, we contacted Emily and she was ready for us any time. We tried all the coping method she taught us when we were at home. We managed to stay home until last minutes and decided to meet her at the hospital. She was with us whole time and it was big relief for us having someone who was very knowledgeable and also knew us. She helped us relaxed and advised me how to push. Thanks to her advice, we managed to have our daughter without any pain medication with minimum pain.She helped us with breastfeeding, too. We had hard time breastfeeding baby and I was about giving up the breastfeeding but she gave us a lot of advices. She also checked on us daily and came over to the house several time until we were confident with breastfeeding. Without Emily, I don’t think I could breastfeed our baby successfully. Now our daughter is 5 months old and I have returned to work but we are able to keep breastfeeding successfully. I am so glad to have Emily as our doula and lactation consultant :)


Sara Lynne Schiwal4/11/2015I cannot speak highly enough of Emily. Her prenatal and postpartum meetings she had with my husband and myself were informative, calmed any fears we had, and set me on a great breast feeding path! I had my daughter 13 days past the due date. Emily checked in with me daily, gave suggestions to help get labor going, and encouraged me when I felt like my body was failing me. When the day finally came, Emily was a source of calm, constant reassurance, and the most amazing massages. My labor progressed without a hitch until the pushing phase began. While I found pushing a relief (just like Emily said some women do), it lasted for 6 hours due to some complications. During this time, Emily provided us with very clear information when we didn't understand the medical jargon used by the midwives. It helped us make very educated decisions in a time sensitive situation. i ultimately pushed my daughter into this world using the position Emily suggested. Emily stayed with us after the birth until my husband and I decided to take a nap. She was an integral part of my birth team and birth plan. Actually she wrote my birth plan, by asking very simple questions that made the task seem so much easier than I thought possible. And, during the birth, it was clear that she had studied the plan and committed our cares and concerns to memory. When we find out that we are having another baby, Emily will be the first person we tell. I cannot recommend her highly enough. I feel my birth was a success because we had Emily with us.


Jean Fitzgerald3/20/2015My husband Anthony and I weren't planning to use a doula. We planned to deliver at a birthing center with midwives and birth assistants. Then my health changed. We decided to find a doula who was familiar to us and who would help us navigate a hospital birth. I contacted Emily, whose birthing class we had attended. The three of us managed to meet once before I had to be induced. I'll admit I was daunted by the price tag for her services, but that meeting reassured us that we were making the right decision; Emily is confident, gregarious, knowledgeable, and committed to helping her clients have the birth experience they want. She was also able to connect with Anthony, which was important to us.Over the next 2 weeks, Emily was available by text and phone. She was reassuring when I became preeclamptic and was admitted. For the first half of the induction, Emily was house-bound because of an ice storm.  She eventually got to us by some extraordinary combination of transit methods because she was so committed to being with us.When labor finally got going, Emily immediately adapted to my needs. Whereas before she had been chatty, she became quiet and let me focus. Once I hit active labor, Emily took a step back, occasionally making suggestions for positions or techniques, but letting Anthony take the lead, as we had discussed. With Emily's help, I succeeded in delivering our daughter without any pain medication!! Anthony agrees, without Emily, the experience would have been very different.Unfortunately, my health drama didn't end there. I was readmitted for another 5 days. Emily visited me twice at the hospital providing comfort and reassurance. It was clear that we were more than just clients to her.Hiring Emily was the most important decision we made. I can't recommend her enough. She will care for you like you are family, while honoring your wishes and making you feel like the most capable woman in the world.


Amy Bramhall2/24/2015Having Emily with us throughout the labor and delivery of our second daughter, Liliana, was an integral part of my experience being so positive. Everything turned out like I wanted it to, and that was due in no small part to Emily's wisdom, encouragement and warmth. Emily was there to help me through some very difficult moments; my baby was posterior, which meant that I was having some seriously painful back labor. But with Emily's thoughtful suggestions, I was able to ride out the worst of it, and got the baby to turn! After that point, things progressed very quickly, and Emily was a reassuring and calming presence right to the very end. She was also very helpful during the pushing portion, and haivng her there by my side is what helped me to have only minimal tearing and a very smooth delivery.I would highly recommend Emily to any couple. She not only was a source of support to me and my husband, but she aslo helped in other ways: she entertained my older daughter, who was present for the entire labor, sat by my side and kept me hydrated and fed, massaged and comforted me, called the midwife when I could not, and was just generally pleasant and warm. Emily has a way of making you feel instantly comfortable around her, and that is a very good thing when you are going throught the stress of labor.I would do it again in a heartbeat!


Anonymous2/5/2015We met Emily while taking her childbirth education class. She was a great teacher who took the time to make sure that everyone understood what she was teaching. We immediately decided to hire Emily as our doula because of her vast experience in the field, and because of her friendly and easy going personality. When speaking with her about our birth plan, Emily was both understanding and accommodating. When we were in labor, she spoke with us often by phone and reassured us that she would be over as soon as we felt that we needed her to come. At 1:00 A.M. in the heavy snow Emily made her way to our house. She was very helpful during contractions and helped us figure out when the best time to go to the hospital was. We got there just in time to get an epidural and had the baby only 3 1/2 hours later. Emily stayed with us in the hospital until we were settled in, and kept in contact during the days after. We were so thankful that Emily was there for us during this special time in our lives. She really made our birth a success! Thank you Emily!!


April Poprilo2/2/2015My husband and I met Emily while attending birthing preparation classes at the Brooklyn Birthing Center. Emily, who was the class facilitator, presented as very knowledgeable and professional. On a personal level, she was very approachable and welcoming, making us feel at ease. After attending the first two class sessions, we decided to look for a doula and were so happy that the search ended with Emily! Her services were so comprehensive; it was exactly what we needed as first time parents. Although the birthing classes were informative and helpful, Emily’s services as a doula exceeded our expectations. Before the birth, she was attentive to any questions I had via phone or text, often offering recommendations and encouraging words of support, especially considering that, I was overdue by a week. When it came time for Emily to assist with my induced labor, her calming presence and flexibility to changes in our birthing plan helped my husband and I keep our emotions in check. Post-delivery, Emily hand held me through breastfeeding and offered plenty of support to get little one and me up and going. She remained accessible to answer any questions that I had.Emily is a consummate professional. She truly uses a family centered approach. She conveyed a genuine regard for our concerns and decisions throughout the process, which helped ease my husband and I through the various transitions before, during and after the birthing process. We are so thankful that Emily was a part of our birthing journey!


Jennifer Contessa Event Staffing1/27/2015I was on the fence about getting a doula for labor but I am so glad I decided to get one & that I chose Emily. She has such a calming and positive energy which was exactly what I (a first time mom) needed before, during & after labor. With the help of her visits prenatal visits, i felt prepared and more at ease to bring my newborn home to a safe environment. I ended up at the hopsital despite the plan of delivering at the birthing center. With Emily's nurturing and care I was able to still have the natural birth I planned & she made the hospital birthing room comfortable & relaxing. Her encouragment & support was exactly what I needed when I had moments of doubt about being able to make it through the natural labor. The post natal visits to assist with both breast feeding and pumping were great. As a new mom you can drive yourself crazy reading books, articles and websites  about the best way to labor, breast feed, sleep with etc. your baby. It was very comforting to have Emily there as a resource to answer questions & to guide me to what made sense for my baby & I.


Amber West1/2/2015We first met Emily as our birthing class teacher. She was a fantastic teacher with a great sense of humor while also being knowledgeable, honest, and down-to-earth. When we heard she was also a doula we jumped at the chance to work with her. In the weeks leading up to the birth she was readily available via phone, text, and email to listen and answer questions, always patient and incredibly thoughtful. She was an amazing force of calm and positivity for both me and my husband throughout our 15-hour labor at home and at the birthing center, as well as through our transfer to the hospital and an eventual c-section. She helped our son to latch at the hospital, and kept in touch and made several home visits before and after the birth. It was especially a huge help to have her post-natal home visits to help with getting breastfeeding off the ground. We were so lucky to work with her and recommend her 100%.


Radie K-s10/30/2014I found Emily's info on my Birthing Center's website - she was the top of the list of their recommended doulas.  I also took her Childbirth Education class there.  My plan was to have a natural birth at the birthing center, and after meeting Emily, I could tell she'd be a great coach for me.  And during the class, I learned she's also an excellent masseuse!  My birthing experience didn't go according to plan - I ended up having a C-section in the hospital due to a growing concern about the pregnancy - but Emily was there with me every step of the way.   Between preparing for birth at home visits, teaching me to use my Moby, even sorting through mysteriously sized baby clothes with me, she helped me prepare for my new life as a parent.  She came to the hospital and was present for my c-section, advocated for me and baby and our concerns during the hospital stay with the staff, and was a huge help with getting breastfeeding on track while recovering from the surgery.  I am so grateful for her support, as she helped usher my partner and I into our new role as parents.  I'd definitely recommend her to other moms, especially if you're planning a natural birth.


Amy Strekas10/28/2014Emily is both super energetic and very calming at the same time. It seems like nothing fazes her! She is also extremely knowledgeable about pregnancy, birthing, breastfeeding, and parenting practices and supports her opinions with research. Emily is an excellent teacher who explains things clearly and who never makes you feel like you have silly questions. I also really like how she states her opinions while acknowledging that there is always more that one way to accomplish things.My plan was to give birth at the Brooklyn Birthing Center. Emily knows the staff there, which was extremely helpful in terms of communicating with them and transitioning to there from home. Unfortunately my labor did not progress, and I ended up at Maimonides hospital after laboring for more than 24 hours. My labor was long, strong, and intense, and I don't know how I could've done it without Emily! She was very reassuring and supportive and kept telling me "you can do it." Emily had many suggestions for natural methods we could do to try to help my labor move along, which made me feel like we did everything we possibly could to try to birth at the birthing center before needing to transfer to the hospital. She was also great about coaching my husband about ways to support me, so he didn’t feel totally helpless, given that he couldn’t take on the actual labor or birthing himself.I would highly recommend Emily to anybody seeking birthing/prenatal education, a birthing doula, post-natal support, and/or help with breast-feeding. She exudes a wonderful energy and is fun to be around. It’s also quite clear that she is extremely passionate about her work and enjoys helping others. You never feel like a burden to her because she appears joyous to simply be around pregnant women, birthing, and babies!


Jessica Canicio10/18/2014We took Emily's child birth class. We interviewed a couple doulas that friends suggested.  None seemed like a good fit.  Emily is very knowledgeable,  compassionate, and confident. We knew she'd be a good fit. Our delivery didn't go as planned and I was induced and had to deliver at the hospital.  Emily was a big help me  and brought a strong and positive energy to this long process.  Her personality and confidence it's a great addition to your special day.


Kathryn Bopp Hunt10/2/2014My desire for a doula came late in my pregnancy only because I was unaware that such angles existed!  I was 38 weeks when I made up my mind that a hospital birth was not for me or my baby (we delivered at home) and therefore started searching for a midwife and a doula. Emily was amazing and came to work with me immediately.  She knew I was deaperate to lock down help!  I'm extremely happy with my decision to work with her.  She was very accommodating and just as important, she was extremely knowledgable and baby savvy.  Her coaching of breastfeeding was more thorough than I ever imagined it could be.  She even helped me with little things like changing diapers, working breast pumps, and collapsing strollers!  During the birth she was invaluable.  My water broke at 5pm and we called her around 1am for support. She was there in no time providing non stop care for me and my husband.  Her suggestion of getting in the shower proved very successful for me as I made considerable progress in my labor.  Throughout the entire process she was attentive, supportive, confident, helpful and overall outstanding. I would recommend her services to anyone looking for a doula and I will most certainly be using her for my second pregnancy.


Alice Tang9/29/2014What struck us immediately about Emily was her confidence and sense of commitment. She essentially became my personal trailblazer and constantly strived to set us up in the best position possible. Even in the 11th hour (which in my case was about 24 hours in!), and things were starting to get a bit dicey, she was by my side with strong hands and reassuring words. My partner absolutely loved having her help; he believes the way he was supported by her during my labor and delivery was priceless. Pregnancy, labor and delivery is one of the wildest rides you'll ever go on. Nothing ever goes exactly the way you planned, but Emily helped smooth out the wrinkles and bumps in the road, and we feel we gained a friend along the way. Thanks, Emily! We hope to stay in touch. Love, Alice, Gregg & Luca


Joan Markey9/28/2014Emily was the first doula we interviewed, and we felt no need to search further. We immediately felt at home with her and excited to share such a momentous time in our lives with her at our sides. She is incredibly generous with her time and knowledge throughout the pre-natal and post-natal period. She really let my husband and I lead the way in the type of experience we wanted, only offering opinions and advice when we asked, and working hard to make the birth of our daughter a time of pure joy, ease, and excitement. Emily is an incredible labor companion. Her touch and presence is very calming and nurturing. The support of Emily and my husband enabled me to labor at home, delivering our baby just 45 minutes after getting to the hospital! I really can't say enough about Emiliy- we highly recommend her!


Leslie Lone9/22/2014Emily was amazing from day 1. She never left a text/email/phone call unanswered before, during, and after our little boy's birth. Her enthusiasm for her work shows in all of her interactions. We had a little difficulty breastfeeding during the first week after my son's birth and Emily didn't hesitate to come to our home a couple times to assist us.  I have been exclusively breastfeeding for 8 weeks now and plan on continuing for a very long time!


Dorie Frank9/16/2014Emily was awesome! I decided to have a doula because I desired a simple, low-intervention birth eventhough I was with an older and very traditional obgyn and hospital.  We started our relationship by discussing our wishes for the birth.  I was not personally into writing a birth plan, I basically made a mantra for the birth which is "Less is best."  Even with this in mind, there are certain choices which I discussed with Emily.  Though they may not have been her choices, she did not offer opinion or judgement unless I specifically asked.  As first time parents, she gave us excellent pre-birth preparation for what we could expect from our newborn and she prepared us for breastfeeding.  The birth itself was remarkable.  Emily was constantly vigilant at the hospital to ensure that the wellbeing of myself and my baby was being put first.  She took amazing pictures that we will cherish forever and there is no way either my husband or myself could have had the presence of mind to take.  Finally her lactation consulting was excellent.  She took a lot of time with me, and it was so much more than the latch I'll tell you.  All of my friends who had difficulty breastfeeding (so basically all of my breastfeeding friends) told me that I was very smart to set it up to have a lactation consultant right away.  From the very first latch at the hospital to dealing with my mastitis, Emily was there for me via phone and in person.