DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
8 TESTIMONIALS

Gabriella Brunstein

Gabriella Doula

Marlton, NJ  Service range 40 miles

6093170258

Birth Fee

$800 to $1400

CONTACT GABRIELLA VIEW GABRIELLA 'S AVAILABILITY

Evan Herring8/5/2023Gabriella was fantastic throughout the entire pregnancy and labor. We had several meetings prior to labor to go over a game plan and she was flexible and extremely knowledgeable. We had a stressful few days and she helped immensely. Things are changing quickly during labor and she was always there ready to assist whether it was providing a tens unit to my wife's lower back (which were a life saver during contractions because she had back labor). Or giving her honey when she was low on energy after pushing for hours. Gabriella knew what to do in each situation which put me at ease. She worked well with the nurses and my mother in law. Like a great sports coach she will adjust to her clients/elements ans make the adjustments needed to accomplish the goal. Her laid back personality keeps the room at ease but we also had cues where if something needed to be said she wasn't afraid to speak up and inform me of our options. Her ability to improvise on the fly in a stressful environment did not go unnoticed. She checked all the boxes for what you want in a doula. 10 out of 10.-Evan Herring


Stephanie Garcia5/23/2023Gabriella was my doula for my son's birthday June 2021. This review has definitely been long over due, however I wanted to express the gratitude and importance of getting a doula. Gabriella made me realize how a birth should be. That my choices do matter and I can do this. My son was born via VBAC. No one believed I could except Gabriella. She showed me many techniques and led me through my last weeks of pregnancy in the best way possible. My first pregnancy was an emergency c section and I could never dilate. With the methods she provided, I was able to dilate quick and then pushing was a breeze. She moved my along through contractions and expressed my needs and wants to the staff. With every contraction and push she was there guiding me. I got my dream birth because of her. I'm always grateful for that experience. 


Brittany12/27/2022Gabriella was extremely helpful during my 28 hour induction. During the first two session she provided strategies/equipment to prepare us for labor and truely listened to the style my husband and I were most comfortable with. The pain management strategies/objects discussed in our initial sessions were implemented seamlessly for the 15 hours prior to me receiving pain medication and the provided comfort strategies even after receiving my epidural. What I found to be most helpful during the process though was how well her and my husband worked as a team to keep me comfortable. At some points it was extremely helpful to have two sets of hands available. Gabriella worked as a support for both of us the entire time making sure we were fed, hydrated and as comfortable as could be. She was there to also reassure me of what was "normal" and what to expect next which at times was needed to prevent me from mentally spiraling. She also captured the birth and precious moments that I now have to go back enjoy. I highly recommend having a doula to provide comfort, confidence and a piece of mind and Gabriella helped with all of that and more! 


Sarah8/25/2022Words cannot adequately express how absolutely amazing Gabi was for me, my husband and my little girl. In the week leading up to labor, I experienced tons of false labor pains and Gabi constantly was replying to my texts to help me through. During the actual labor she helped keep me calm, collected and comfortable. I can honestly say I had an great birth experience because of Gabi. Post birth, she helped us settle into baby care and helped us feel way more confident taking care of our little girl.  


Princess Gagni1/25/2022Gabriella was so wonderful as my doula, even after my pregnancy, she has been very helpful and always there to reassure you that everything is going to be okay! She is always available to talk or text anytime I have a question, especially when I'm not able to get ahold of my doctor right away. She always checks up on me just to see how I'm feeling. During my labor, she brought all the tools(and food and snacks!!)with her to make sure I was comfortable, she helped my husband with any of his questions, and took the load of stress from him. She is very knowledgeable, and always have the resources for me. We are so happy that she was our doula, I don't think I could've ever had a stress free and tolerable labor without her!! I highly recommend her to everyone especially first time moms like me!!! Thank you, Gabriella!! We love you!


Marcia gompers10/26/2021Gabriella was my birth doula and she was great. She supported me before by getting me prepared for what to expect. Not only did she prepare me but she also prepared  my husband on how to be supportive during the birthing process. When active labor started she helped me with setting the mood of my hospital room she dimmed the lights and set up some aromatherapy. This helped me stay calm and dilate. She took pics and videos when I needed her to . She massaged me during contractions which really helped.  When it was time to deliver my baby she was great she stayed the whole time! She helped with the count when I was pushing so that I don't tear . At the end I delivered my healthy baby boy vaginally and had no tears/no stitches. She continued to provide support. I rate her services 5 stars! I would recommend her as a birth doula! Mrs. Gompers


Ariella Hargrave9/20/2021I cannot express my gratitude enough to Gabriella. After two previous losses I was very insecure and anxious about this pregnancy so I decided to hire a doula to give me some peace of mind. Gabi came into my life at the right time as she always had a comforting word to offer as well as useful information to help me relax and enjoy this pregnancy. She was always available via text, phone or e-mail and was absolutely amazing the entire time. I had a few complications during pregnancy and had to be induced at 37 weeks. Gabriella brought an immense amount of knowledge, strong answers to my very many questions and when she didn't know the answer she made sure to research and get back to me quickly.  On the day of my induction, Gabriella was there to help me get ready, ease my mind and gave me the most wonderful back massage. When contractions started to pick up Gabriella had some wonderful suggestions for different positions to help with pain management.  She always knew instinctively what to do. She has a gentle, quiet yet strong presence that made me feel supported the whole time . She held my hand and gave me all the information I needed to make decisions without second guessing myself. Gabriella also gave me confidence to stick to my plan and empowered me to refuse unnecessary interventions and procedures that were suggested during my birth.Gabi knew when to step in and when to give me and my husband space. After my baby was born, she helped me with the first latch and gave me useful tips on breastfeeding. On the days following the birth, Gabi checked on me often making sure I was healing and if I was doing OK emotionally as well.  Gabi also managed to snap some amazing pictures of my birth! Thank you so much for being there for us and helping create such beatiful memories from a day we will forever cherish.    


Thalyta Nahon7/24/2021Gabriella is very attentive, anticipates needs and is extremely caring. She is knowledgeable and empathetic. She calmed my nerves, reassured me and gave me strength and guidance to achieve something I never thought I was cabable of, to have a natural birth and welcome my baby girl into this world in a peaceful, joyful manner. You helped me through the contractions with serenity and a pinch of sense of humor. I know I made it through because you were there by my side holding my hand the entire time. You have my ultimate respect and gratitude.