DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
10 TESTIMONIALS

Jessi Tully

Bump to Baby

East Brunswick, NJ  Service range 35 miles  Excludes NYC, $100 travel fee beyond 35 miles

http://www.bumptobabynj.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$60 to $75

CONTACT JESSI VIEW JESSI'S AVAILABILITY

Marybeth L5/29/2023My maternal fetal medicine doctor at St. Peter's Hospital recommended Jessi and I could not be more grateful that I hired her for labor and delivery support. As a both a single and first time Mom, she brought the knowledge, expertise and calmness I was looking for to give me peace of mind during what can be a nervous period both in the weeks before giving birth and during labor and delivery. She was a steady and quickly accessible hand throughout the process that I counted on. What Jessi provided me was very much worth the investment. 


T7/21/2022We really loved Jessi as our postpartum doula. She's a very organized person and she has a lot of experience in taking care of babies. We were able to focus on other projects during her visits. She is extremely careful around babies that she worn masks during every visit.


Korissa Fjordbotten3/28/2022My husband and I would highly recommend Jessi to any mother. Jessi was there for us when we needed her the most, she truly was a comfort to us. During labor she was there the whole time and never left my room. She came prepared with a variety of comfort measures to help labor be more comfortable for me. As a new mom, Jessi helped me navigate the postpartum period and breastfeeding with knowledge and ease. The photos she took are amazing and are something we will cherish forever. Thank you Jessi!


Romy3/26/2022Bottom line: Jessi is AMAZING and I highly recommend working with her - I'd hire her again in a heartbeat! We interviewed 5 doulas and clicked with Jessi. Many other doulas seemed to push certain beliefs or preferences on you (at least the others I interviewed did), but Jessi was great at listening and providing advice and feedback. I believe in medicine and trust doctors, but wanted support - someone who was confident about the process, seen this a ton, and could provide suggestions when needed. My husband was there the whole time, but this was our first baby and we didn't know what to expect. We're so grateful that Jessi was with us before, during and after the birth! She was a breathe of fresh air and really made the labor experience so much better. I can't sing her praises enough!!


kimberley mckee1/24/2021I simply cannot recommend Jessi highly enough. She truly helped me have the birth of my dreams. This was my third baby and i was hoping for a vbac. I found jessi as i was looking for a hypnobabies doula. I am a little far out of her usual area but she kindly accepted me as a client. From the get go she has been nothing but supportive and always available to answer any questions we have. She came to our home during the start of our birthing process and helped me labor at home as long as possible as this is what i wanted. Once we got to hospital she was amazing in helping manage my contraction pain with counter pressure the entire time. Her calming and knowledgeable presence was invaluable. I got my vbac thanks to Jess and couldn't be happier! After the birth she has been on hand and available to answer any other questions we had including helping us with some Breastfeeding issues. We've had a doula before but Jessi is truly an gem and worth every penny. 


Michelle12/23/2020Jessi is seriously godsend! We just gave birth to our first baby and she was with us every step of the way. From our very first "meeting" through the birth of our baby boy, she was always there to offer support, positive words of encouragement, and suggestions along the way! During our labor process she provided true continuous support from text and phone call support early on to managing contractions with touch, TENS machine, position suggestions, and tons of emotional support as well. She played a key roll in one of, if not, THE most important journey of our lives. We feel beyond blessed to have had her by our sides advocating for us to be able to experience the birth we envisioned. My husband cannot stop saying "everyone deserves and should have a doula for childbirth"! And I must agree- Jessi is truly invaluable to expecting parents' journey to parenthood. Would hire her a million times over! 


Nachanta Powell11/11/2020She is truly professional and very knowledgeable. I couldn't have asked for a smoother birthing experience. Mind you I was so scared from the beginning. This was my second pregnancy so I had trauma from the first that I wanted to make sure wouldn't happen again. Not only did I labor at home with the guidance of Jessi but we all made it to the hospital in time for a quick delivery hand in hand. She stayed until the baby completed the first feeding and came to the home to check baby out a few days after. I'm so happy I choose to work with her. A highly enjoyable experience.


S. Duffy11/11/2020Jessi was a calming presence in the COVID-19 pandemic for my second birth.  I was anxious throughout my pregnancy, and Jessi helped me strategize about how to minimize this during labor.  My labor was unexpectedly very short this time, but Jessi had necessary tools (I love the TENS unit!!) to help me get through the short, but very intense pain.  It was very reassuring to have her there.  She was a great help with refreshing us on latching with a newborn -- so different than most of the breastfeeding you do with an infant and toddler. 


Abby8/7/2020When I gave birth to my older daughter, I had a lot of support from my immediate family. However, during the coronavirus times, I realized I needed extra support. Jessi was the perfect doula for us. From the moment we contacted Jessi, she was more than willing to answer all of our questions and was very patient with us. We discussed the issues that happened during my first birth and how I could have a better birthing experience this time.I ended up having an induction, and Jessi was wonderful throughout the whole process.  She provided emotional support and helped me feel comfortable about what to expect at each step. She also providedphysical support when I was in pain, which helped me rest and gather my energy. Since we had talked about my concerns ahead of time, she helped me advocate for myself with the hospital staff, and I felt so much better about how this time went. She was exactly the right doula for me, and I highly recommend her!


Abby8/7/2020When I gave birth to my older daughter, I had a lot of support from myimmediate family. However, during the coronavirus times, I realized Ineeded extra support. Jessi was the perfect doula for us. From themoment we contacted Jessi, she was more than willing to answer all ofour questions and was very patient with us. We discussed the issuesthat happened during my first birth and how I could have a betterbirthing experience this time.I ended up having an induction, and Jessi was wonderful throughout thewhole process.  She provided emotional support and helped me feelcomfortable about what to expect at each step. She also providedphysical support when I was in pain, which helped me rest and gathermy energy. Since we had talked about my concerns ahead of time, shehelped me advocate for myself with the hospital staff, and I felt somuch better about how this time went. She was exactly the right doulafor me, and I highly recommend her!