DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
6 TESTIMONIALS

Jhenielle Reynolds, CD (DONA)

BloomMama Birth Services

Harrison, NJ  Service range 25 miles  no tunnels or bridges

551-751-1310

https://www.bloommamabirth.com

Birth Fee

$2400 to $2800

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $60

Black Doula

VIEW JHENIELLE'S AVAILABILITY

Perpetua Segreti12/29/2022I started working with Jhenielle at 36 weeks ( I was pretty late to the game!) She hit the ground running and got my husband and I prepared to have our baby girl. Honestly my birth would have been completely different than it was without her. From the prenatal visits, the EBB class she recommend to my actual birth I felt prepared, supported and advocated for. She made my birth room so zen and relaxing I couldn't thank her enough. I will definitely work with her again if we decide to have another child! Doulas are SO important! I would 100% recommend her.


Ebony Hurwitz12/28/2022Selecting a doula can be a very stressful decision, but seriously, look no further, Jhenielle is amazing and we couldn’t be happier with our decision. We retained her as our postpartum doula and she instantaneously felt like part of our family. Mom’s life, Dad’s life, and our baby’s life during this stressful time were all made better thanks to Jenielle’s attitude, experience, empathy, and ability to care. Thank you so much!


Lauren9/26/2022I knew when I got pregnant with our first child, that I wanted a Doula to be part of my care team. I started looking for a doula around 28 weeks pregnant. My initial search was very frustrating… most of the doulas I reached out to had a website with an inquiry submission form and a phone number listed. They either 1) never replied to my inquiries via their website 2) did not answer their phones or 3) answered but the interactions did not come off professional or leave the best first impression.Then, someone I reached out to recommended me to Jhenielle and the experience start to finish was completely refreshing and a total 180.Jhenielle had time slots you could book for an intro meeting on her website, so you were confidently able to get in touch with her. Her first meeting was a video zoom call, which was huge because this is a very personal milestone you are about to embark on with someone; don’t you want to be able to get to know them “face to face”. She started off by introducing herself, her philosophy, services she offered etc. This sounds like an obvious thing to do but the 3 other doulas I had talked to before Jhenielle, opened the convo with “so what do you want to know?” Jhenielle also was a wealth of knowledge and resources. From our birth classes, therapists, and chiropractors… she was able to answer so many questions as well as refer you ti local professionals in other areas as well. She is also extremely empathetic, client centric, and has amazing EQ. She helped us talk through a lot of things during the journey that we may have been anxious or unsure about.I cannot say enough great things about our experience with Jhenielle. She is personable, professional, and I am very grateful she was part of our care team during and  post my pregnancy.


Ashley Hutchinson-James8/26/2022As a second time mom, I wasn’t sure I needed a doula initially. I’ve gave birth for the first time in 2018, but my birth experience didn’t go exactly the way I wanted it to in terms of pain management.My biggest goal with my 2022 birth experience was to labor without the intervention of pain medications and I knew I couldn’t do it without the support of a doula.Jhenielle listened to my birth goals and assured me that she would support me. She provided great emotional support throughout my pregnancy and was my biggest cheerleader during my labor experience. Jhenielle affirmed me throughout my labor assuring me that I could handle it and applied comfort measures during every contraction that helped me manage the pain. I’m proud to say that I achieved my goal of not getting any pain medication during my labor and I know for a fact that’s all due to God and Jhenielle as my doula supporting me through every moment of labor. Thank you for helping me to have an amazing birth experience!


Caitlyn Pierre7/13/2022Jhenielle went above and beyond to make me feel comfortable, cared for, listened to throughout my entire experience with her during pregnancy, labor and after birth. She made me feel capable and secure during labor and being that this was my first pregnancy, it was important to me to have a doula that could do just that. She helped me to craft a birth plan, show up to appointments feeling prepared and sent me (and continues to send me!) external resources such as breastfeeding support, prenatal classes, etc. I also felt like no question was too big or too small for Jhenielle. Even if she didn’t know the answer directly, she’d direct me to someone who may. I am so happy I chose to go with her and I truly recommend her to anyone looking for a doula!


Amanda B.1/7/2022As a second time mom, I felt confident that after taking a birthing class during my 1st pregnancy that my husband and I were prepared to go through this pregnancy and labor process together, until I hit 3rd trimester. A round of food poisoning that landed me in the hospital was a wakeup call that I needed additional support to achieve the birth I desired. As my antepartum doula, Jhenielle built a custom plan of care tailored to my needs and helped me to prioritize myself and my baby through exercise and mindfulness. Her accountability and constant affirmations that I was ready for birth and doing my best really helped build my confidence as I prepared to give birth.Jhenielle swooped in as our birth doula at the last minute when we discovered that I’d need to be induced and would no longer be able to give birth at a birth center as planned. I found the induction process to be confusing and overwhelming, but Jhenielle instantly provided us digestible, evidence-based information on induction. She was gentle, supportive, and reassuring, reminding me that I had everything I needed within me and could still achieve my goal of an unmedicated birth. Having the additional support to hold me up, suggest different positions to alleviate pain and encourage and cheer me on was invaluable.Once my baby was born Jhenielle was there to capture the first moments with the pictures and videos. Those photos mean so much to me because the emotion is so raw, and I can look at the pictures and remember how I was feeling and what I was thinking. Without Jhenielle, we wouldn’t have had any photos of those first moments together as a family. Her presence during the birth of our 2nd child really helped to alleviate some of the stress that we experienced with the unexpected turn in our birth story.  