DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
13 TESTIMONIALS

Karen Ganga Huslik, CLD(CBI), RNC, Obstetrics

Safe Passages Labor Support Services

Flemington, NJ  Service range 30 miles

(908) 229-5087

https://www.safepassagesnj.com

Birth Fee

$1800

Postpartum Rate

$50

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Nura Hossainzadeh11/20/2018Childbirth is a sacred, intimate experiences, and I was hesitant, at first, to experience it with anyone other than my husband in the room. As my doula, Karen couldn't have made me feel more comfortable. Karen appreciates the meaningfulness of bringing a new life into this world and wants to do all she can to ensure that her clients experience this meaningfulness. This meant having conversations weeks before my due date, helping me to unpack and let go of my fears. It also meant helping me to prepare physically for a childbirh that wasn't reduced to just a medical procedure. Until much later than usual, my baby was in the breech position, and the doctors scheduled a c-section for during the 39th week. Karen did all she could to help me to encourage my baby to turn--it was evident that she truly cared about my baby and about me and wanted me to have the childbirth experience that I desired. She came over and taught me a series of exercises I could do to help the baby turn, she advised me on how to seek help from other professionals, she recommended foods to eat. In the end, my baby turned into the head-down position at 39 weeks, no doubt in part because of all of Karen's efforts, and my c-section was canceled. Then Karen rose to help me through a second challenge--my due date came and went, and the baby was late. Karen was in frequent telephone contact with me, advising me on how to prepare my body for labor, sending me resources on acupressure techinques and recommending exercises and foods to eat. Finally, during childbirth, Karen was there for me again, staying with me through an exceptionally long labor, spending more than 30 hours at the hospital, supporting and encouraging me through every contraction, recommending physical positions that would help to reduce the pain and encourage my baby to descend. I'll always remember the words that helped me through the labor and that will always stay with me: "it's just pain, Nura. You can rise above it."


Joanna Barros-Wing3/22/2018I don’t want to imagine what it would have been like to go through my pregnancy and delivery without Karen. At first we weren’t sure if we needed a doula, but in truth, Karen was my rock. She views pregnancy not as a pathology but as a beautiful, empowering experience, and her wisdom, energy and support turn it into just that. From the first moment of contact my husband and I could tell that she was our zealous advocate, asking us all the right questions and listening attentively to our answers, concerns and everything first-time parents might be nervous about. She helped us navigate through all the choices and possible challenges that might arise with a wealth of wisdom, experience and respect for our views. She showed us a wide variety of comfort techniques to use during labor and was always available by phone to discuss whatever came up; after every conversation I was amazed at how she was able to intuit my fears and anxieties, of which I was not always conscious myself. During labor Karen thoughtfully prepared the room, turning it into a warm space that felt more like home than a hospital, she kept the nurses on our wavelength, immediately enlisting their trust, and she had me in a variety of positions that shortened labor considerably. Because of her incredible coaching and encouragement I never doubted I could do it; I trusted her completely. In fact, I did it without any pain medication at all, despite my initial lack of commitment to the idea. Our doctor said he had rarely seen such a smooth, well-controlled labor even in cases of an epidural being used. If that isn’t a testament to Karen’s abilities, I don’t know what is. My husband was equally thankful for Karen's help, as she fully included him in the birthing process and all our decisions. She helped him feel and BE useful to me, especially during labor. In fact, they worked together so beautifully you'd think they'd known each other for years. Everyone needs a Karen!


Jennifer Yurgel10/5/2016From the very first conversation I had with Karen, I knew she was the perfect doula for us. It was our first birth and I didn't know what to expect. Karen's calm yet assertive personality and impressive experience made us feel so confident in her and my ability to follow my birth plan. Every conversation and every meeting felt more like being with a friend, and made me feel so comfortable. When my birth plan could not be carried out, Karen helped us transition with grace, love, and respect every step of the way. I could not picture my birth without her and I am grateful she was a part of it. I recommend her to everyone I talk to, and look forward to having her as my doula when we have another child. Thank you Karen!


Erin Grimm5/22/2015Karen was such an amazing support to me and my partner during the birth of our first child. My partner and i were overwhelmed with joy when we found out we were having a baby! We were also nervous and a little anxious of the unknow. My mom suggested a doula and Karen came highly recommended. Upon my first meet with here i felt warmness and comfort. She is very knowlegable and answered any questions i had. She made both my partner and i feel at ease. She prepared me, my mind and my body for labor all through my pregnancy. Any complaints or concerns i had through pregnancy she had answers and solutions for.My little girl took her sweet tome coming into this world. I was 41 wks when i was induced. My contractions started and the progress was slow. My birth plan was for a natural vaginal childbirth. I had contractions for two days in the hospital before even dilating. Karen was by our side the whole time. She advocated for me in making sure we kept it as close to my bith plan as possible. It wasnt an easy labor. Karen comforted me and pulled out all the tricks to get me through the really rough spots. My parnter is a very loving man who was also by my side but this process was wearing on him as well, karen was a support for him too. Just being there and holding my hand was a comfort she gave.We are all grateful for the time, knowledge , patince and care karen gave to all three of us. Our little girl arrived and is perfect.


Jamie Morgan9/20/2014For my second homebirth, I had a good idea what I was looking for in a doula.  I wanted someone who would help turn my home into the most relaxing atmosphere possible and at the same time provide me with physical support for labor discomfort.  Karen turned out to be exactly what I was looking for.  She first interviewed me to get an idea of what I liked and to understand what I was looking for in a doula.  I really appreciated this. We had weekly phone calls in the third trimester to address any questions I may have.  When I was in labor she used a rebozo which really reduced the pressure of the contractions.  She assisted me in any way that I wanted, but also left me on my own when I did not seek out her help, so not to overmanage anything.  It was a wonderful balance.  Her calm energy and the calm music that she played really helped me stay in the focused/birthing mindset that I needed to be in.  When I wanted to go for a walk outside, she joined me for as long as I went - as we stopped and hugged at each contraction.  I will forever feel guilty for how hard I held her as I pushed my baby out, but I guess she understood how that helped me and was so gracious to be such a physical support.  I highly recommend Karen if you are looking for a calming presence to aid you in a natural birth and for unconditional pre and during labor support.


Stephen Smith9/8/2014My wife Christina had researched Doulas for the birth of our second child after our first all natural birth was a bit intruded upon by medical intervention.  We felt strongly about out common values for an all natural / non medicated birth and we desired the aid of a Doula to assist and advocate for us to have our wishes honored.  My wife found Karen Huslik and it only took the initial meeting to see her kind spirit that was equally matched by her real life credintials and experience.  Karen was without a doubt the one!  As the pregnancy progressed so did out interactions with Karen and she fit the bill perfectly.  On 8-20-14 she shined!  She was perfect and I was so greatful for her guidance and pressence, she handeled mommy in labor as I ran all over gathering all the essentials.  Karen comforted Christina, told me when to call the hospital, when to start the car and called my phone and stayed on the phone to talk Christina thru the contractions as she followed us to the hospital.  She told me to pull up at the E.R. where she had a wheelchair and escort standing by to rush Christina up to her room.  45 minutes later our baby girl was born with no medical intervention as we had desired and Karen's support was priceless!  We have since adopted Karen as an honorary grandma and hope to have her in our lives permanently.  Her skills and non intrusive approach make her the perfect birthing coach.


Kelly Z5/20/2014Karen helped my husband and I have the birth experience we had hoped for. I was a very anxious first time mother, and our weekly phone calls helped keep me calm and focused on my goal of a safe labor and healthy baby. She provided me with suggestions for bonding with our unborn baby, helped me utilize calm birth techniques, and provided support when I was feeling anxious or fearful. On the day of our first pre-birth meeting, I went into labor! She was still able to review our birth plan in full, and we even made it a coping technique as my labor progressed. Five hours after her arrival, our son was born! Karen provided incredible support while I was laboring at home and during my short time spent pushing in the hospital. She helped make sure our wishes from our birth plan were acknowledged and fulfilled. Hospital staffers even complimented her on her demeanor and knowledge! I am so grateful to Karen for her kindness, support and professionalism. Thank you for being a part of bringing our little one into the world!


Naomi N1/14/2014Hiring Karen for the birth of our first child was the best decision we made.Through interactions with her and getting to know her, I learned a lot about myself and how I deal with stressful situations; something I hardly ever think about and it was both surprising and liberating to go through the process. It's certainly made me a better person for my child and family.I was induced, and the induction process was a very long and enduring process and I couldn't have done it without Karen's care and support. I truly and honestly believe that the quick delivery (after the long induction phase) that I had with my son was due to the fact that Karen helped me to remain relaxed the whole time and keeping my eye on the prize (i.e. the birth of my healthy baby boy).Karen not only helped us tremendously in the delivery room, but she also provided lots of great articles and tips during the last trimester. I had some medical complications, and with her RN background she helped to provide additional information and resources to assist/cope with the complications I was having. We feel so fortunate that we found Karen, and if we are blessed with another child in the future, we will most certainly reach out to Karen for her support again. Give yourself the gift of a caring, knowledgeable, and amazing person like Karen to guide you through your birth.


Angela Orvis1/12/2014Karen is a wonderful doula. As a first time mother, I needed reassurance and nurturing during the labour-"mothering the mother"- and she provided it. Her calm, steady presence and clear guidance is exactly what one would want when in such a vulnerable state! Her expertise from having spent many years practising as a labour and delivery nurse in New York also was invaluable. She was with me through every conctraction but also was able to step back when I needed my husband or when the midwife needed to step in, for example. When towards the end of my labour it began getting difficult she was able to calmly and clearly encourage me, talking me through. Karen is flexible and able to adjust to any environment, whether it be hospital, birthing center, or home. I would highly recommend Karen's services as a doula!


Kimberly Newcomb9/16/2013Karen was so amazing to work with.  She was exactly what I was looking for in a doula which was someone who would support me, help show my husband how to support me, and to be able to relax and fully experience labor because I knew Karen would be able to help me experience the labor I wanted.


Lauren Rush9/11/2013My husband Chris and I met Karen at the Baby and Tot Fair at Hunterdon Medical Center.  Right away she seemed quite professional and comforting as a potential member of our families birthing team.We chose her as our doula because of her vast experience as a former birthing nurse and knowledge of medical labor and delivery procedures.  We don't have much experience with hospitals so we wanted some extra help on our side.  We are so glad we made the decision to hire Karen as our doula.During our conversations before labor and delivery both on the phone and in person at our home, we talked about our doctor visits and layed out a detailed birth plan.  I was impressed by the some of the personal yet insightful questions she asked to help her get to know us.  Also some tips for comfort while being 9 months pregnant.My labor and delivery was early at 37 out of 40 weeks.  Right away Karen stepped in as our doula and was a tremendous help through the whole process.  We unexpeectedly called her at 5am one morning before going to Overlook Hospital in Summit, NJ.  That day she came right away to help us.  She stayed up all night with us providing foot massages, dancing routines, calming music and soothing advice to help our labor and delivery.Once our daughter was brought into the world,  Karen was there to help me breast feed for the first time.  This was a tremendous help to get this process started.   This was a moment I will never forget.Later we had trouble with our daughter in the middle of the night when she was only 5 days old.  Our daughter had trouble breathing and Karen can to help us troubleshoot.  We were so thankful she was able to help us during this difficult time.Thank you Karen for all of your help.  We will keep in touch.


Lauren Rush9/11/2013My husband Chris and I met Karen at the Baby and Tot Fair at Hunterdon Medical Center.  Right away she seemed quite professional and comforting as a potential member of our families birthing team.We chose her as our doula because of her vast experience as a former birthing nurse and knowledge of medical labor and delivery procedures.  We don't have much experience with hospitals so we wanted some extra help on our side.  We are so glad we made the decision to hire Karen as our doula.During our conversations before labor and delivery both on the phone and in person at our home, we talked about our doctor visits and layed out a detailed birth plan.  I was impressed by the some of the personal yet insightful questions she asked to help her get to know us.  Also some tips for comfort while being 9 months pregnant.My labor and delivery was early at 37 out of 40 weeks.  Right away Karen stepped in as our doula and was a tremendous help through the whole process.  We unexpeectedly called her at 5am one morning before going to Overlook Hospital in Summit, NJ.  That day she came right away to help us.  She stayed up all night with us providing foot massages, dancing routines, calming music and soothing advice to help our labor and delivery.Once our daughter was brought into the world,  Karen was there to help me breast feed for the first time.  This was a tremendous help to get this process started.   This was a moment I will never forget.Later we had trouble with our daughter in the middle of the night when she was only 5 days old.  Our daughter had trouble breathing and Karen can to help us troubleshoot.  We were so thankful she was able to help us during this difficult time.Thank you Karen for all of your help.  We will keep in touch.


Averie H6/12/2013Karen Huslik is the best gift you will ever give yourself.  She will guide you through your labor and make you feel loved, empowered, and calm.  She gave me the strength to naturally deliver my son without any drugs or intervention of any kind.   I was so blessed to have Karen as part of that important day, as well as the days preceding and following my labor.  She works with your individual personality, likes, and dislikes to create a peaceful and nurturing environment for your labor and delivery.  She is an amazing person with a kind and generous heart.  I cannot think of a better way to bring my son into the world than with Karen's help and guidance.  She is truly amazing.