DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Kayla Wheelan

Wise Birth Choices

Somerville, NJ  Service range 60 miles  Our Agency covers all of NJ

9089475106

https://www.wisebirthchoices.com

Birth Fee

$1500

Postpartum Rate

$45 to $50

Black Doula Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

Availability Remarks: Day & Night shifts available

CONTACT KAYLA VIEW KAYLA'S AVAILABILITY

Emiley3/16/2023Kayla was so supportive throughout my entire pregnancy. She was always quick to respond to any questions or concerns I had, which was many as a first time mom! As part of Wise Birth Choices, Kayla got me all set up with birthing, lactation, and newborn classes, which saved me the trouble of searching for them.When I ended up with preeclampsia at 34 weeks, Kayla was by my side. Supporting me every step of the way. And when my "all natural labor" plan turned into an induction labor 5 weeks early she provided moral support even though I was completely devastated with the change in plans. When that plan changed again, this time into a c-section, Kayla was there in the post-op/recovery unit to help calm me down and provide the much needed support for my stressed out husband.Postpartum she kept in touch to just check in on how MOM was doing. Everyone always wonders about baby, but sometimes it's nice to have someone ask how mom is REALLY doing!I can't encourage women enough to get a doula, but Kayla was such a great fit with our family. She felt like one of my sisters. Very open and understanding. She listens to what you have to say and what your wishes, thoughts and fears are.


Cassie3/16/2023I cannot say enough about how amazing Kayla was to work with. From the moment we decided that she would be our doula, she was kind, engaging, empowering, and comforting. She checked in frequently and answered all of my questions. Whenever I needed her, she was prompt to answer and always reminded me that she was there for me. When I went into labor, she was immediately by my side and did not leave until my baby was born and done with her newborn evaluation. I could not even imagine what birth without Kayla there would have been like! She massaged me the entire time, constantly encouraged me, and took care of any little details that came up so I could stay focused. I had an amazing, unmedicated birth and I could not have asked for a better experience! I would recommend Kayla to anyone! She will always be a part of my incredible birth experience and I am so grateful for her.


Dana8/28/2019I was expecting my second child in March 2019 just 19 months after the birth of my first child. My first ended in an emergency c-section after 15 hours of labor and stalling at 8cm. With my second pregnancy I was determined to have a VBAC. I ultimately decided that a doula would help me with my birth plan. I came across Kayla on Facebook and after messaging back and forth we met in person.  She educated me on the practice of a doula and how she would aid me in my labor and delivery. We met a few more times and had on-going conversations. She kept up-to-date on all my doctor’s appointments and continually checked in to see how I was doing. I went into labor in the wee hours of March 21 (5 days before my due date) - I called Kayla and she was over quickly. She helped me to labor for a couple hours using the bathtub, yoga ball, bands, etc as my contractions became strong and fast. Ultimately we decided to head to the hospital. Once we got to the hospital I was 5cm and struggling with pain management. The doctors and midwife would not allow me to use the tub or get out of bed since the baby was in distress. Kayla continued to coach and encourage me as I struggled. I called for an epidural and then quickly an emergency c-section was decided for the baby’s safety. I was heartbroken facing another c-section. Kayla helped ease my emotions “your body has not failed you, look how much your body has done for you!” She was so supportive and such a bright light in a hard time. I delivered a beautiful baby boy! Kayla stayed at the hospital waiting to see me after recovery. I was physically and mentally drained. She continued to exude her sunny disposition and unending positivity. In the weeks following, Kayla kept in touch to see how Mommy and baby were doing - and visited us at our home. Although it was not the birth experience that either of us was expecting, it was my experience and I am so thankful that Kayla was there to see me through it.


Emilee Orlofski4/2/2019Kayla was my doula for the birth of our second child. We connected right away – her enthusiasm & warm spirit immediately appealed to me. It's evident that Kayla understands the life-changing spiritual, emotional, and physical journey of birth, and that she was well-equipped to guide me. Kayla was supportive of my natural birth preferences and trained me to use a TENS unit for back pain. She checked in with me regularly, responded quickly, and was encouraging and supportive. Her great sense of humor eased my end-of-pregnancy frustrations, especially when I became anxious after my due date passed. When labor began, Kayla's expertise with massage, movement, positioning, and rebozo were invaluable in helping me manage the labor pain. She was tuned in to my reactions, even with limited feedback from me. Kayla included my husband by sharing tasks that he felt comfortable with (timing contractions, hyrdation, etc.). At the birth center, she facilitated communication, continued to come up with creative methods to help with pain, and was calm and focused even when I bit down on her hand at the height of a contraction! As my labor intensified, Kayla provided consistent support while also allowing my husband & I to have some intimate, private moments. Kayla coached me through pushing & delivery, which culminated in a beautiful waterbirth. After my birth, she stayed to help us settle in and latch. A few weeks later, we talked through the birth together at our post-partum visit, which helped me solidify the positive, beautiful moments in my memory. For reference, I used a different doula service for my first birth which was also a non-medicated vaginal birth. Although it was a positive experience, the level of care, pain relief, and emotional support I received from Kayla was far superior. Kayla is passionate, knowledgeable, and intuitive, and brings such a positive energy to the birth experience. We could not have had such a wonderful birth without her!


Stephanie Chang3/21/2019On Oct 5th 2018 I had my first born and without a doubt I had the best support. I got the opportunity to have an educated, talented and kind hearted Doula named Kayla. In the beginning of my pregnancy I was feeling scared, worried, stressed and I was running back and forth with life. I was a hot mess and suddenly my doula and not just any doula, but an angel came by and made me realize my baby was more important than anything in the world. Kayla’s knowledge and support gave me confidence and security. The day I gave birth, I went straight to the hospital and it was a huge help when I called Kayla because everyone that I knew was working so I was scared. Kayla came straight away to the hospital as soon as I requested her. She was already packed with water, snacks and a birth ball. She stayed with me throughout the whole experience and made me feel comfortable. She walked with me through the halls of the hospital, she rubbed my head when I was in pain. The birth ball was amazing. I was sitting on the yoga ball with heavy contractions and it was a game changer. I would have never thought of even bringing a birth ball in the condition I was in. For any new mom’s expecting, I definitely 100% recommend you to meet up with Kayla and you will have the best experience no matter what condition you are in.