DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
5 TESTIMONIALS

Lauren Cooper, CD(DONA), CLSC

Birthing With LC, LLC

Sewell, NJ  Service range 50 miles  N/A

856-209-3480

http://www.birthingwithlc.com/

Birth Fee

$1200 to $1800

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $40

Black Doula

Availability Remarks: Postpartum support = $35-$40 per hour. Offering day and night support.

CONTACT LAUREN VIEW LAUREN'S AVAILABILITY

Diane Duque2/18/2023My husband and I selected Lauren after interviewing a hand full of doulas. We felt immediately connected to her love for all things mother and baby. Truth be told, when I hired a doula. I only expected her support during labor and delivery. However, what we received was much much more. Lauren provided support after each doctor visit, diagnostic test, and ultrasound. She offered education to help me make the best decision. Helped me write my birthing plan. Practiced positions for comfort. Thanks to Lauren she provided me with the confidence I needed to have a positive labor and delivery experience!


Larriesa7/15/2022From the moment I met Lauren, I knew I had to have her on our birth team. She was so knowledgeable and confident in her answers and I could feel her genuineness while we had our meet and greet session. I felt like her price was very affordable for my family and in the end was worth every dollar of the investment. Lauren was there for us every step of the way with any questions we had, creating a birth plan, practicing relaxation techniques and helped create that comfortable space for us about the anxiety of birth. The moment I went into labor I called Lauren and within 2 hours she was at our hospital that was in the total opposite direction from her area and got there as quickly as possible. I felt so relieved when I saw her and she got right to work with guiding me through each contraction reminding me to focus on my breath and told me "I gotta get you moving" in my mind I'm like I do not want to move but I know she was right so we got to it. Lauren was so supportive of all our decisions and provided any education that we requested. I was so glad that not only did we get a doula but that chose Lauren. We would've literally been lost without her. She educated us so well on our rights and what choices we had in our birth which was extremely important. I'd recommend Lauren to anyone who wants to have top tier support and professionalism for their birth!


Summer Bearden5/22/2022I didn’t become concerned with having a doula until about halfway through my pregnancy. When I approached my partner Josh about having a doula present at the birth of our son he was apprehensive. After some convincing, he was open to the idea, and that’s when I searched around and found Lauren. After our initial consultation, I left the conversation with the feeling that I needed her at my sons birth. There was something in my heart that knew Lauren’s presence and knowledge would play a huge role in bringing my baby earth-side and I couldn’t have been more right. She went above and beyond for our little family before, during, and after the arrival of our son. Her knowledge, warmth, and guidance was unforgettable. Even when I decided to change my birth plan during labor, Lauren was able to help me advocate for myself and my baby. At the end of our labor and after Lauren had left, my partner Josh looked at me and said, ‘Lauren is an angel’. Because of Lauren, I look back on the birth of my son and it was everything I wanted. Peaceful, joyful and full of love. I cannot thank her enough.


Rachael2/3/2022Lauren was so patient, kind, & knowledgeable! as a young black mom it was so important for me to not only have someone to advocate for me but to have someone also educate me! i interviewed with 3 doulas and out of all 3 we instantly clicked and i knew she was the doula for me! thoughout my whole pregnancy she was there for anything big or small! it’s her dedication & passion to her mamas that stands out! During my labor experience she kept me calm, made me laugh and made sure i was comfortable! Her support was everything i didn’t know i needed! 


Courtney Bolden11/1/2021Having Lauren as my doula during Chloè's birth truly made this experience one to remember forever. I could not have labored for 50+ hours without her supporting and pushing me to remember my birth goals. She provided pain management techniques and knew just what to say at the right time.