DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
6 TESTIMONIALS

Liz Moran

Labor with Liz LLC

Bloomingdale, NJ  Service range 18 miles

973-283-5667

https://www.laborwithliznj.com

Birth Fee

$850 to $1750

CONTACT LIZ VIEW LIZ'S AVAILABILITY

Charnele7/17/2023As a fellow mother, I cannot express enough how grateful I am to have had Liz by my side during my first pregnancy. It was a whirlwind of emotions, filled with unexpected twists and turns, but Liz's unwavering support and expertise helped me stay centered and focused on what truly mattered.Liz's extensive knowledge and understanding of pregnancy and childbirth were invaluable. No matter what question or concern myself or my husband had, she was always there with the right information and guidance, providing me with a sense of reassurance and peace of mind. Her accessibility and willingness to lend an ear for vent sessions made me feel understood and supported throughout my entire pregnancy journey, even after giving birth.What truly set Liz apart was her ability to empower me and put the control back in my hands. She took the time to educate me on every aspect of pregnancy and birthing, ensuring that I was well-informed and equipped to make the best decisions for myself and my baby. Her calming energy and unwavering focus on the truly important things helped me maintain a sense of inner calm and clarity, even during the most challenging moments.Thanks to Liz's advocacy and guidance, I was able to navigate every scenario that came my way with confidence. I felt empowered to take charge of my own pregnancy and make decisions that aligned with my values and preferences. Liz truly became my champion and advocate, and I cannot wait to work with her again when the time comes for baby #2.If you're a mother-to-be looking for a knowledgeable, supportive, and empowering partner on your pregnancy journey, I wholeheartedly recommend Liz. Her passion for helping mothers like us is unmatched, and her dedication to ensuring a positive and empowering experience is truly commendable. Trust me, you'll be in the best hands with Liz by your side.Here's to embracing motherhood with confidence and joy!


Olivia Emer2/23/2023I had known Liz personally for several years and began working with her professionally as a Doula when my husband and I were thinking about trying to concieve. I worked with Liz for ~8 months prior to even trying to concieve to prepare myself mentally and physically. Liz provided guidance and resources from strength training, healthy eating habits for TTC, scienticfic data and journals for fertility, to meditations to prepare for pregnancy, all of which made me feel so confident and knowledgable going in to this new experience. A wonderful thing about Liz is that she has a ton of experience as a fitness coach which is such a plus, espeically if you are someone who is active and passionate about exercise. When I became preganant it was such a natural transition with Liz. We connected monthly in person or on FaceTime. I texted with her frequently and knew I could pick up the phone at any time and call her with questions. I loved that her schedule was flexible and that she was willing to come to my home or meet somewhere nearby for coffee. Another one of my favorite things about Liz is how inclusive she was with my husband. She invovled him in our meetings and even if she wasn't there, she was making sure he was always included in our birthplan and baby preparations. This might seem obvious, but it made me feel so supported and confident when preparing for birth. My baby was one week overdue and Liz was such a voice of reason keeping me calm and coaching me through my anxieties. In the hospital she was both my husband and my cheerleader, coach, voice of reason and was paramount in helping us advocate for ourselves and what we wanted for our birth process and plan. I truly cannot say enough good things about Liz as a Doula, a coach and as a friend. We couldn't imagine our day without her and she is a very soecial part of our family. I highly recommend hiring her as your Doula (or going with a Doula in general!)


Alexandra Cassara12/1/2022As soon as I found out that I was pregnant I had two immediate thoughts 1. How am I going to surprise my husband and family with the exciting news 2. I think I would like to work with a doula.We were fortunate to find Liz through a referral from a friend. Choosing to work with Liz is one of the best decisions we made during our pregnancy. I can't speak highly enough of not only her knowledge and resources - but also of her compassion and kindness throughout my pregnancy and beyond. There was never a moment I felt like I couldn't ask Liz a question or pick her brain for opinions and options. It was easy to talk to her about my goals and my concerns as if she were a friend I'd known for years. She was never pushy or judgemental.She works as a guide, your pregnancy sherpa, and helps you navigate this wonderful, and some times, scary journey. She provided me with fantastic reading recommendations and would send me evidence based articles and information to help me make the best decisions for me. She helped me feel empowered and prepared for my birth. I am so grateful she was able to be in the hospital with us. It was incredible to have her and my husband work together as my tag team support system. The day of my delivery there were some factors that affected/deviated away from my birth wishlist; not the most ideal but life happens. However, with guidance from Liz, my husband and I were able to calmly redirect and make the best choices for us and our baby.I consider Liz forever a part of our family. She made such a huge impact on our lives in a relatively short span of time. If you are considering hiring a doula but are on the fence - I can confidently say you won't regret it, especially if that doula is Liz.  


Natalie Bray2/7/2022Liz was a fantastic doula and I greatly appreciated her support, guidance, and check ins during and after my pregnancy! Liz was a great listener, understanding and supporting me and my mental health.  She understood that what I needed was someone to listen to my concerns, remind me of my capabilities, gently ensure I was on track to be prepared for labor, and just felt encouraged, supported, and not judged during the process! She helped me stop beating myself up over making all these last minute changes, and really focus on what had to be done to feel good and prepared.  Tactically, Liz provided some simple forms and structures that enabled my husband and I to talk through our preferences with each other (and with Liz) so we would be ready for delivery and being parents.  And she helped me set the stage for how I wanted my delivery to be and find some mantras to help! In the end, I needed to be induced so I had to have a hospital delivery, which Liz assisted remotely.  Liz helped my husband a lot during the delivery itself, sending some key reminders and encouragement so he felt supported in pushing back / questioning a couple things that weren't exactly what I wanted.  She also provided great moral support when I was having some challenges during labor.  Most of all, Liz provided excellent assistance after birth.  She reminded me constantly to take it slow and go easy on myself...something I really struggle with, as the voice in my head is always telling me to do more. She helped me with the extreme emotions I faced after labor by lending a non-judgmental ear, and voicing a lot of reassurance.  She also provided me with a helpful plan to getting back to movement...so that I reset my own expectations for myself and what I "should" be doing.  I'm very grateful to Liz for the support she provided and highly recommend her as a doula! 


Eve12/8/2021TL;DRMy partner and I had an incredible experience with Liz. We are extremely grateful to have had her on our birth team. She’s positive, empathetic, non-judgmental, respectful, energetic and leads with an evidence based approach. You’ll love working with her!Read on if you want to know more…During my pregnancy, Liz was an excellent sounding board. She was always available to chat and run our questions and decisions by. I appreciated that she employed an evidence based approach, she never forced her recommendations/ ideas on me, and she always made me feel heard and supported in my own decisions.Liz provided us with a number of tools to help prepare for birth, such as birth & postpartum plan templates, which helped ensure my partner and I were on the same page about our wishes and expectations. It was just so helpful having someone who has done this before to shine a light on the things that you don’t know you don’t know. She was also so passionate and enthusiastic about birth and my pregnancy that I couldn’t help but to feel strong, prepared, and excited for the big day. She made me feel like a superwoman!In the delivery room, Liz was calm and supportive. I loved that Liz learned the names of the nurses and staff and got them on our side. My partner was especially appreciative of Liz’s attendance — she was able to support him while he supported me. When it came time to push Liz advocated strongly for the way that I wanted to push and was my personal cheerleader, reminding me of how strong I am.Liz will bring her knowledge and passion (and first hand mama experience) to your partnership in order to guide and support you and your birth partner (if you have one) on this amazing journey.Good luck!


Bailey Teague8/24/2021Liz was an essential part of our pregnancy + birth preparedness. She was attentive, thorough, and incredibly well-versed in all things birth. I should begin by saying that Liz was a *virtual* doula for us, as we live in Texas and she lives in New Jersey. From the very first meeting (FaceTime), we both felt very secure speaking with Liz about our various questions + nerves associated with birth. She allowed us to both find confidence in labor and birth with the many resources, calls, and knowledge she provided. My husband even read a very large book that I am pretty sure he would never have done on his own had I recommended it -- but with Liz's recommend, he bought it, read it, and even highlighted multiple sections! This allowed me to feel more confident in how my husband would support me as a birth partner during the course of labor + birth. When the time came for my water to break (2 weeks early), I knew that I was ready to have this baby all thanks to the prep work we had done with Liz! My husband rounded us up, we headed to the hospital, and Liz was there for him if he needed it during the labor. He knew exactly how to squeeze my hips, feed me snacks, and encourage me throughout the whole process -- this was definitely in part to the ways Liz prepped him beforehand. We are so grateful that Liz was our doula! Ehe is incredible at what she does, and she is an even better friend. 10/10 recommend!