DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
28 TESTIMONIALS

Lucy Paradiso, CD(DONA), CLC

Lucy Paradiso Doula LLC

Scotch Plains, NJ  Service range 30 miles

908-305-0785

http://lucyparadisodoula.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $2200

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $75

Availability Remarks: PP days, weekdays. Care of birther & newborn, cooking, tidying, baby laundry, assistance with feeding (CLC), sibling help. Certified baby wearing, instruct on infant massage & newborn care

CONTACT LUCY VIEW LUCY'S AVAILABILITY

Laura R.6/28/2023We loved working with Lucy and are so glad we found her. Lucy helped our family during the postpartum phase and she instinctively knew what to do to help. She would always find out what my top priorities were for her and from there, she needed little direction for making our lives easier. She helped us with excellent meals, laundry, and providing attention to our older kids. I also loved that she is a trained lactation consultant and was able to provide support with breastfeeding. I would definitely recommend her to other families. 


Haruka Johanson6/27/2023Lucy was just who we needed to guide us during the first few months after giving birth to my first born. With no family close by, she was the maternal figure I looked to for advice on anything from breastfeeding to bathing, and she nurtured me with nourishing home made food (yummy breakfast, banana bread and soups), taking on baby laundry and cleaning the kitchen while I recovered from my wounds. Her extensive knowledge as a lactation consultant as well as her experience as a mother of six (she raised twins too), she brings a wealth of knowledge to help guide you through the unknowns of new-parenthood. She is warm, caring, and empathetic but also strong, confident, and resourceful. Above everything else I was saved by the fact that she wasn't at all judgemental, even when our opinions differed, she was patient and gave us lots of affirmation and positive attitude navigating the first few weeks. She helped lower our anxiety by answering our endless questions. She's the village mother that every new mom and dads can benefit from! Thanks Lucy :)


Alison6/26/2023She has been our postpartum doula for the last month after the birth of our son. Lucy came highly recommend from multiple mothers in my neighborhood and the surrounding area. After our initial prenatal visit, I was immediately drawn to Lucy’s kind, caring, and motherly knowledge of all things mom and baby. Although we hired Lucy as a postpartum doula, her guidance and help started long before our son was born and she was there for us every step of the way since our first call. After hearing that our baby was in the breech position at 37 weeks we discussed all of our options together as a team. She provided us many resources on breech babies and how to help turn the baby - often leveraging research and/or articles which relied on proven techniques. She really made us feel comfortable and confident in the decisions my husband and I were making.We had Lucy set up to formally start the first full day we were home with our son. My husband and I struggled our first night - we were up all night with a crying baby and I was having trouble breastfeeding. Once Lucy walked into our house the next morning there was an immediate sense to calm. She sat down with my husband and I for hours and took the time to really help us learn how breastfeed and answer any and all questions we had. She provided us with documents and articles we could later reference when she wasn’t with us. She knew that this was one of the most important things to accomplish postpartum. She is patient and kind throughout the process and constantly reassuring. After a couple of feedings with Lucy’s support both baby and I had figured it out. I truly feel that Lucy being there to educate us in the early postpartum days greatly helped my mental health. It was evident how passionate she is about her work. Whether this is your first, second, or third child I could not recommend Lucy more. 


Jacquelyn6/25/2023It was Friday January 20, 2023 5:00 am when my contractions started. Lucy was the FIRST person I reached out to. She understood me, she heard what I went through with my previous birth and I trusted her. I knew today was the day I was going to meet my son! Lucy  reassured me with all her knowledge affirmations, positivity and came to my house to labor at home. She was my second mother she cooked us a meal! We had the birth we were planning for thanks to Lucy! I wouldn't change anything! I remember that day so well, the joy and positivity it brings really stems from Lucy's knowledge. I'm so happy I found her and I would totally use her again and recommend her 1000% with no hesitation! Thank you for helping me through it! PS- she was the GOAT in the Hosptial, catering to my needs, one step ahead of everyone! 


Desiree Petruzzelli2/28/2023If you're looking for an empathetic, intuitive, knowledgeable support person, look no further than Lucy! Lucy provides researched backed information which allows you to have an informed pregnancy, labor, & postpartum experience. After my first birth in a hospital, I wished to deliver my second at a birthing center. When I went into labor, Lucy was a North Star for my husband & I treating us with the utmost respect & care. Without her, I would not have had the birth I wanted. Due to her confident, tender approach, I was supported in having a beautiful water birth at a birthing center. I am eternally grateful for Lucy's unwavering support & guidance.


Junying Shen1/16/2023Lucy helped and supported us tremendously in my first month postpartum. I am a first time mom and the fact that our family is not around made me really nervous if I would be able to take care of our baby with no experience just with my husband. Lucy brought calm to the family. She is very knowledgeable and experienced with breastfeeding and demonstrateed different latching positions with a baby doll she carried with. She also reassured us when she saw things normal and raised to our awareness if otherwise so that we can double check with the doctor. Lucy also showed us how to wear baby carrier and some tricks with diaper changing. When Lucy came, she helped us with some baby household chores including washing bottles, baby clothes laundry and even meal prep so that at least one of us would be able to take some rest which was most needed for us at that time.She was very gentle and loving with our baby. I would definitely recommend Lucy to other family as a postpartum doula.


Emily Zanker12/19/2022Working with Lucy was one of the best decisions I made for my post partum journey! I knew going into childbirth that the 'fourth trimester' could be very challenging, specifically as it relates to breastfeeding, so I was looking for a postpartum doula that specialized in supporting mothers who wanted to breastfeed. I ended up finding Lucy.She was an amazing support person and guide from day one! She met with my family beforehand and was there to meet us the day after I gave birth. She was warm, patient, and knowledgeable, not to mention that she often anticipated my/our needs before we even realized we had them. I had plenty of questions for her, varying from brest practices for a breastfed baby to what to expect from a newborn in those early days and weeks. When she wasn't with us at home, she was easy to reach via text. If I could do it all over again, I would definitely go with Lucy again. Highly recommend her! 


Melanie10/23/2022There are so many positive and beautiful feelings and emotions that come to mind when I think of Lucy and the magic she bestowed upon my birth with my daughter. My husband and I are so eternally grateful for everything that she did to make the birth of our first child so peaceful, calm, and prepared. As this was our first birth, my husband and I were completely overwhelmed with how to approach the preparation for labor and delivery. We had the books, articles, and anecdotes from numerous other parents, but it still left us with so many questions and concerns around the "what ifs" that could happen at the hospital. I personally wanted a hospital birth and to deliver my daughter vaginaly, and go as long as possible unmedicated. Once I shared these goals with Lucy, she spent hours with me preparing physically, mentally, and emotionally for birth. She provided me with physical exercise routines, breath work, meditation exercises, videos, and readings. She also answered my endless questions. Going into my labor, I felt really prepared! When I finally went into labor, Lucy arrived at the hospital and helped me and my husband work through hours of intense back labor. She was incredible! She helped me get into different positions, provided massages, and made sure the room was set-up as calm and peaceful as possible. Lucy was just an incredible coach and support person through my whole birth. My husband and I both agreed that we don't know what we would have done without her! I cannot say enough wonderful things about Lucy, and what she offered to us pre, post, and during birth! 


Casey7/31/2022I was referred to Lucy from the ladies at both TLC Accupuncture and Metta Casa in Scotch Plains. We had an introductory Zoom call with Lucy, since COVID cases were high in our area, and immediately felt a connection with her even though we did not meet in person. She was extremely kind, experienced, knowledgeable and understood that as a first time mother I would need extra assistance or education in certain areas of the journey to motherhood. From meeting during pregnancy, to labor and delivery, to postpartum support - Lucy was the best gift I could have given myself, my husband and newborn daughter. We learned so much and appreciated her invaluable assistance. We would have Lucy again as our doula in a heartbeat!


Carl & Tovah Spring7/26/2022Lucy Paradiso is the perfect Doula!As first-time parents of newborn twins, we were immediately comforted by her own experience as a twin mom and mother of 6 children. Lucy was very thorough and sensitive in working with both of us during the prenantal process and helped prepare us for the birth of our twin boys. She took great care of all 4 of us in the hospital and as we transitioned home for the first time.As a postpartum doula, Lucy helped teach us feedings, changings, and many of the techniques and little things that would help our babies adjust to and thrive in their new environment. She was patient in answering our questions and considering our fears and concerns. She took care of laundry, dishes, and made sure bottles were ready to go when our little ones were hungry. Lucy even made healthy and delicious breakfast, lunches, and dinners for us! Every time we turned around something that needed to be done was taken care of so we could take a break or rest.We would highly recommend Lucy's services as any future parent will be in very capable and loving hands! We are so grateful to have met Lucy and consider her part of our family!With gratitude and thanks,Carl & Tovah Spring


Kayley7/7/2022I don't know where to begin execpt to say that I could not have gone through this pregnancy, birth, and immediate postpartum experience without Lucy. From our first phone call my partner and I felt confident and comfortable with Lucy's approach to the birthing process and that she would be someone who would listen to our concerns and wants while offering suggestions, support, and respecting our choices. Lucy was so knowledgeable (a mom, doula, and lactation consultant!) and encouraging in guiding us through our birth plan and prep and beyond. Besides our planned visits, Lucy and I emailed, texted, and chatted frequently leading up to my delivery, and she was such an amazing resource for any question I had and was always there to offer  practical and nonjudgmental advice. Though my birth plan had to be altered and I needed to be induced just past 38 weeks, Lucy talked me through it and was my greatest advocate. Her presence in the delivery room immediately changed the whole atmosphere and I felt a sense of control and energy to make it through my delivery. Having Lucy talk me through the steps of the process made me feel calm and reassured, and as someone with high anxiety, her calming presence was exactly what I needed. She also helped to direct my partner to feel more comfortable in his role while I was pushing. She stayed by my side the entire time and I looked to her to get me through each push. After our daughter was delivered, she stayed with us and assisted in the skin-to-skin golden hour, which was so special. The day after I was discharged from the hospital and struggling with breasetfeeding, Lucy came to my house and talked me through what to do. I went from feeling like I would never be successful, to being completely renewed once she left. I'm a month postpartum and successfully feeding my baby thanks to Lucy. Lucy is the embodiment of her work, heart and soul, and we were so very lucky to have had her there for our important day. 


Kristin Visnovske5/4/2022My experience working with Lucy was amazing from our first call straight through to the birth process. During our first call, she was very calming, knowledgeable and easy to talk to. I immediately felt like I would be in good hands if we worked together. As a first time mom, I was a bit nervous about the birth process. My experience could not have gone better, and I think a lot of that had to do with Lucy. She was there as help and encouragement not only for me, but my husband as well. I hope to work with her again in the future!


Avary Campbell4/8/2022Before going into labor I felt very anxious about giving birth, I was unsure of what to expect. However having Lucy there put me completely at ease. As soon as she stepped into the room she got to work on creating a very calm atmosphere. She was prepared with an essential oil diffuser and twinkle lights. She was there to answer my questions and help me through the moments of not feeling well. She used her knowledge to help keep me comfortable and to work through labor. I have Lucy to thank for such a positive first birth experience and I hope to have her again down the line when I have another child.


Cynthia Mazza4/4/2022I am very fotunate to have Lucy as my doula. She helped me deliver my beautiful daughter Valentina on November 14, 2021 at Morristown Hospitol. This was my first child and I delivered naturally. She made me feel comftorable and encouraged me to keep pushing. Lucy is a very kind, sweet, loving, nurturing, and positive person. I don't know what I would have done without her. I want her to be my doula for my future children as well. My husband who was with me at the delivery room said she was an amazing doula to have and he too felt comftorable. I highly recomend her as a doula. I can't  thank her enough for the amazing and unforgettable experience. XOXO Cynthia Mazza 


Janel Pivko2/2/2022I am a 41 year old first time mom and a single mother by choice so my support person in the delivery room was my mom who herself last gave birth 38 years ago. When I registered for the hospital they provided paperwork on the doula program they offered and I decided to go for it in order to provide extra support for me and my mom. I interviewed Lucy first and knew immediately she was the right fit for me. Even after interviewing the other available doulas, Lucy was still my first choice. She has extensive birth and mom experience as a mother of 6 as well as great professional experience being a former pharmacist and it showed in her knowledge and professionalism. Besides that she was kind, motivational, calming, responsive, and a voice of reason before and during my labor. Not to mention she has a great sense of humor and it's always helpful when someone can make you laugh when you might be feeling anxious and/or overwhelmed. During my labor she kept both me and my mom calm while she fed me ice chips in between pushes. She cheered me on and played music which brought some serenity to the labor & delivery room. She also explained to me what was going on during and after labor such as what medication I received and why they had to bring my son to the nursery as an extra precaution after he was born. After my son came back from the nursery, she stayed and helped me with skin to skin bonding and made me and amazing fruity drink which is exactly what my body needed. I highly recommend Lucy if you are looking for a birth doula who is knowledgeable as well as extremely kind and empathetic. I know my birth experience was improved because Lucy was in the room. 


Angela1/19/2022I don't have the words to express how grateful we are for Lucy!  Pre-delivery: We got started with her later than most (at 30 weeks) and she provided really helpful insights, resources and links.  Doing a search online can be daunting because you get so many results and don't really know how to sort through it all, but every time I posed a question to Lucy she provided an answer but also more information from trusted sources from which I could learn more.  She also helped with birth planning and understanding options and when they could/should be considered.  It provided a lot of peace of mind to not only outline what we wanted but also understand alternatives and that they were okay too.  Delivery:  Did not go as planned to say the least but Lucy was there every step of the way! We also had the benefit of understanding from our earlier discussions when we had to deviate from the plan repeatedly.  Lucy was also so good about reassuring my husband and looking out for him too, which meant a lot to me.  My plan was for an unmedicated vaginal birth and after multiple instances of options not progressing and/or not working my baby was delivered via c-section after nearly 30 hours.  At each point we had to make a decision on the next option Lucy was there to help us understand what to expect and pros/cons.  We are so thankful for Lucy and her caring and calming nature, I really don't know what we would have done without her!


Beth Gutierrez1/17/2022I have no words to thank you for everything you did, I felt supported and held, you made me feel so powerful with your presence, guidance, and love.You were my voice every moment and made sure all my demands were done, every single moment I felt so special and save, no doubt you have a wonderful intuition and deep knowledge.I’m so happy you were there to support me, and made the room a romantic, calm and secure place to deliver my baby girl Melina, thank you for making the big day so special, we will always remember you with love.


Madhura1/12/2022I am so grateful to Lucy for what she did for me. I wanted a natural unmedicated birth and that's what I had. I don't think I would have been able to get through all of it without Lucy by my side. She was like a rock, steady and calm. She gave me the strength I needed, with her words, her hands, her tone of voice. She intuitively understood my needs in the moment.When I initially interviewed her she told me about her 6 children, her VBACs, and her twins. She breastfed all her children and is a certified lactation counselor. I thought this lady has seen everything! I had to have her as my doula. She was knowledgeable and answered all my questions.When I was in labor, I remember asking her to rest, take a break, eat something and she decided she wasnt going to leave my side. I remember her eyes looking worn out and tired by the time I was about to deliver (many many hours later) yet she stayed right by my side for every moment.Other than my husband, I didnt have any family by my side, but with Lucy, even though I met her in person on the day I went into labor I felt safe, protected and as if I had my mother by my side. Choose her.


Richard12/19/2021I can’t imagine the birth of our son without Lucy being part of it. She was more helpful than my wife or I ever imagined a doula could be when we began our search/interviews. Lucy knew how to provide the kind of support and encouragement my wife (and I) were looking for at different moments in the days leading up to and during our sons birth, even when we didn’t exactly know it ourselves. She also helped us stay calm and focused on what we truly cared about, as life and medical circumstances disrupted the birth story we might have envisioned.Lucy is excellent at this work because she is the rare kind of person who can establish meaningful personal connections quickly. Although we hadn’t known her for long, it felt clear that Lucy cared deeply about our son and us. Because of that, she felt like a true partner and trusted friend to both of us during this all-important experience. Thank you, Lucy!


Dana Campbell12/11/2021Lucy was a pleasure to work with! She was very accommodating with scheduling an interview time as well as a check in with both parents to be. We also wound up at the hospital earlier than expected and ultimately had a cesarean delivery. Lucy checked in with both of us in the hours leading up to our decision to move forward with a C Section and spoke to Mom by phone at one point. She was a very calming presence throughout the procedure, giving us guidance and hints as to what was taking place throughout. She took photos of Mom, Dad, and Baby once delivered, which was a lovely way to start our lives together. After the delivery had concluded, Dad and Baby went to the nursery for a short observation period and Lucy stayed with Mom in recovery, coaching her through expressing the first bits of milk and keeping Mom informed on how Baby was progressing. All in all, we were very pleased with the knowledge and comfort Lucy provided and would not change a thing! 


Gemma12/9/2021Lucy was my doula for the birth of my son in September 2021. I was extremely nervous about the birthing experience but Lucy really made me feel comfortable and empowered as I progressed through my labor. Nothing really went to plan and she was amazing at supporting me and helping me make the decisions I needed to make at the time. I can honestly say, I don't know how I would have made it through my long labor without her. She made the hospital room a special place by adding a few touches that made it take on a whole different atmosphere. My time spent in that room was made so much better by Lucy's presence. I will never forget her words of encouragement, unwavering support and voice of experience. They got me through one of the toughest days of my life. She is an amazing doula and human being. She is simply the best at what she does! 


Fanus Woldegebriel9/29/2021My husband and I are extremely thankful and grateful for Lucy's doula service. This was a first time experience for us and Lucy was very caring and deligent with us. She answered all of our questions and more. She helped guide us weeks before delivery to help us manage expectations. Her compassion and encouragement helped us during labor and delivery. I believe this is Lucy's calling and she is a natural. 


Amanda Clark8/27/2021From the moment we first interviewed Lucy, we knew she would make the perfect addition to our team. Her calm, nurturing demeanor was exactly the vibe we were looking for. Throughout the entire process, Lucy contributed both her years of knowledge as a doula (and a mom herself) as well as tremendous emotional support. This combination helped us through the birthing process more than we even anticipated. During labor, Lucy was a constant, calm presence that both empowered us while also providing physical & emotional support. She worked so seamlessly with the doctors and nurses and was always there to explain to us what was happening, and ensure we understood our options, etc.Lucy was incredibly easy to communicate with and showed up at the hospital prepared with all the tools to create the ideal birthing space for us (aromatherapy, music, etc). She went above and beyond before, during, and especially after our birth to ensure we had everything we needed, and that we were comfortable before she left. We had a bit of a unique scenario after our daughter was born, and Lucy stayed to settle us into our room and help with initial breastfeeding. In the days following, she even texted to check in and offer continued support. We are incredibly grateful to have had Lucy as part of our journey, and we cannot recommend her enough. 


Katy Ortiz8/10/2021Being first time parents, we really liked the idea of having a Doula to support us both through the labor and delivery process, and Lucy's services did not disappoint. She helped us prepare beforehand and had great feedback on information to add/check on for our birth plan. She provided knowledge and experience we would not have gotten from the hospital staff and helped us make decisions when every step of labor went differently than we had imagined. Her calm demeanor, sense of humor, and personable attitude was so comforting during a very stressful process. We are grateful she was there with us. We highly recommend Lucy to be your Doula!


Fnu8/9/2021I had the opportunity to interview 3 doulas before i got a chance to talk with Lucy. I connected with her instantly She is very calm , compassionate and is extremely proficient  at her job.She ensured she understood my needs and also shared multiple resources regarding labor and childbirth so i could prepare myself beforehand. Lucy stayed by my side throughout labor and helped me with different positions and movements that made the pain tolerable.  I could not emphasize enough how great she was at taking care of my comfort and its because of her i could have a natural childbirth and avoid any interventions. She also provided breast feeding support.My experience with her was nothing short of amazing and I would recommed her 100% .  


Genovese7/26/2021Having Lucy as my dula sure gave me a sense of some control. Have her there also made me feel supported and not alone. I don't think I would have gotten thru all that pain without her. 


Kira Beilis7/6/2021Lucy was an incredible support during my labor and postpartum. She is attentive without being pushy, and she is calm and competent. One thing I really appreciated is that I knew I wanted an epidural in advance of my labor, and Lucy never was judgmental. Instead she showed herself to be my ally and advocate so I could have the birth I envisioned. My labor got intensely painful before my epidural, and she helped with breathing, visualization, changing positions, and motivating words. My husband felt much better with her there as well. Even after I did finally get the epidural, she continued to be a familiar comforting presence. Right after my baby was born, she helped him latch for the first time, which was amazing. She also came to my house several times after birth to offer advice and support. I highly recommend her services!


Katia6/9/2021Lucy was an amazing doula for our OB hospital birth. She has a calm, warm and confident presence which was very comforting. We had multiple video sessions prior to labor in which she answered all of our questions and explained our natural / medication / intervention options thoroughly. When it came to labor, I was overdue and had to be induced. Lucy worked with me and my partner through 6 hours of natural labor, using visualization, breathing, changing positions and shower techniques. When I ended up get an epidural and pitocin and my labor was not progressing quick enough, she was our ally and made sure the doctors were not pushing for a c section. She helped us make all the best decisions during labor and in the end we had a natural birth! 