DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Marianne Pane

East West Doula, LLC

Fair Haven, NJ  Service range 85 miles  I service most of NJ and surrounding NY boroughs. Willing to cross bridges/tunnels. Travel up to 1 hr and 15 min.

551.252.4977

http://www.eastwestdoula.com

Birth Fee

$1000 to $2500

CONTACT MARIANNE VIEW MARIANNE'S AVAILABILITY

Sara Thomas8/6/2023For any parents-to-be who are looking for support during the birth experience and transition into parenthood, my advice is to hire Marianne as your doula. She is the person you want by your side during this exciting and lovely life event that can be exhausting, stressful, and unpredictable. Her readiness to advocate for my preferences and needs, while providing both emotional and physical support, made the difference in what was a positive birth experience for my husband, daughter, and I.During the latter half of my pregnancy, Marianne scheduled calls and met in person to prepare for the big day. She helped outline my birth plan by listening to my preferences, educating me on my options, answering questions, and providing insightful advice without any judgement. She also shared exercises, massage expertise, labor positions, and breathing techniques that helped ready my husband and I for labor and delivery.Most importantly, she was fully present and supportive during the birth. Her maternal presence was really comforting. She made me feel calm, safe, and supported the whole time by bringing an entire toolbox of ideas, explaining the different labor sensations, and negotiating with the hospital staff to achieve some important elements of my birth plan. When labor started to feel intense and overwhelming, she helped me focus on breathing and strategies to progress the birth process. She also engaged my husband to assist in massaging and comforting me. Best of all, she captured the priceless photos of our first moments as a family of three.Childbirth is a defining moment in a person’s life. Marianne played an important role in making mine an incredibly positive one. She, my husband and I, all shed tears of joy when my daughter was born. I’m so glad she was a part of that incredible experience.


Viktoriya Vayner7/27/2023Marianne was my Doula for the birth of my son in April. It was wonderful to have someone experienced in childbirth to be there with me and help with any questions, help me with my fears, and help me stick with my birth plan to not an epidural. She was a knowledgeable and calming presence and made me feel very comfortable and safe. Her process before labor and childbirth allowed me to prepare for childbirth and take all measures to be ready, think about my options, be organized, and go to the hospital feeling confident.


Alessia Wisniewski7/26/2023Marianne was my doula for my second birth. My pregnancy did not go as hoped and I developed preeclampsia in my third trimester. After deciding to work with Marianne she supported me every step of the way. Answering calls and text messages quickly for the remainder of my pregnancy, providing me with some herbs, giving me advice on how to feel comfortable in the last few weeks, etc. I unexpectedly had to give birth due to the preeclampsia worsening. I was 5 weeks early and terrified. Marianne came to my side at the hospital immediately. She was with my the entire way, and when it was decided I need a C-section for the health of me and my baby she was supportive and provided me the comfort I needed in a scary situation. Marianne checked in on me multiple times after birth and we still keep in touch four months later and I hope to continue to keep in touch with her! She is the best doula you can ask for. She provides comfort, strength, and a maternal presence that you will love during your labor and birth process. 