DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Michellee Valdez

Lovely Lives Doula Services

Elizabeth, NJ  Service range 35 miles

7326549108

Birth Fee

$1500 to $2400

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $55

CONTACT MICHELLEE VIEW MICHELLEE'S AVAILABILITY

Jenn10/12/2018We decided to hire a doula really late in my second pregnancy and as soon as I spoke to Michellee, I knew she was the right person to support our family. Michellee is trustworthy, warm, down-to-earth, and authentic - I felt like I was speaking to an old friend during our initial phone call. Knowing we had her on our birth team brought an extra calm in my last weeks of pregnancy. She listened openly about our plans for a home birth and what sort of support we were looking for throughout labor, and made it a priority to get to know our family over those last weeks. I appreciated how well she connected with our 3 year old, and how she checked in with me through text and made sure there was a solid plan for a back-up if needed.During the labor, Michellee fit right into the atmosphere and was able to read the room to help make us all more comfortable. I felt like she really believed I could do it. Having her there was a huge support for my husband and me - we are both so happy we found Michellee and highly recommend her!


Lauren Davis Waisanen9/9/2018We were so fortunate to have Michellee as our birth and postpartum doula. She came and spent many hours with us during what was an unexpected long labor and I felt very supported and encouraged especially during the difficult contractions. After the birth, Michellee was very kind to check-in with me via text between postpartum visits. When she came to our house she cared so well for our son so I could rest or get out for a bit. On our last visit she was even kind enough to make our family a meal (which was delicious!). I highly recommend Michellee.


Jessica Soto5/18/2017If you have recently gave birth, are expecting or plan to conceive I recommend you contact Michellee Valdez ASAP. Before her services, I had no knowledge of what a doula was and how beneficial they are. I did not have a doula for my first pregnancy; labor and delivery was hard and I got the epidural to ease the pain. Second pregnancy was not easy but I had Michellee by my side to help me get through it and NO epidural. Yes, I said it, a natural birth, no medications. During my third trimester, I had the worst back pain and Michellee would give me the best massages. She would also help me around the house (laundry, dishes, etc.) so that I can relax from time to time. I have a 4 year old who keeps me on my toes, and with a big belly plus swollen feet, I'm glad I had Michellee to help. Also, ask about her bath bombs! She makes them from scratch. During labor and delivery, she gave me massages with her oils, played soothing music, helped me breathe in and out, helped me walk around the hospital and also try different positions on the electric bed. At one point, they turned the bed into a chair so I was sitting upright and my feet were literally dangling on the hospita bed. But I did it! A natural birth and thank you Michellee for being apart of it!!!!! I couldn't have done it if it wasn't for you. 