DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
3 TESTIMONIALS

Northern NJ Doula Network

Doulas working towards certification

Morristown, NJ  Service range 30 miles  NJ only. No bridges or tunnels

https://www.facebook.com/nnjdoulanet/

Birth Fee

$500 to $700

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Angelica9/13/2019A great resource for connecting student doulas with clients. I am so grateful for this resource because it helped me to connect with wonderful birthing people and fulfill my dream of becoming a certified doula. 


Meaghan9/12/2019In 2017, I was looking for a student doula for the first time. NNJDoulaNet responded with a list of student doulas in my area. The response was quick and had the doula names and contact information. It was very easy for me to set up interivews and select my (awesome!) student doula because of this. It's 2019, and I'm looking again for a student doula! NNJDoulaNet came to the rescue again, and quickly. I was provided with names and contact information, and even a few doulamatch.net links to student doula profiles. NNJDoulaNet has been so helpful as a way for me to find student doulas! Thank you, NNJDoulaNet! 


lisa Barmore6/7/2017Lauren is an incredible Doula! She was there with us every step of the way, from our prenatal visit to our postpartum visit, guiding us with her knowledge about pregnancy, labor, delivery, and the postpartum period. Every woman deserves to have a Doula like Lauren. I was initially hesitant to spend the money on a Doula, but Lauren was beyond worth every penny. If you're not sure whether or not you need a Doula, you won't regret hiring her! The experience of having Lauren with us supporting my partner and myself through the pain of labor was priceless and invaluable. Lauren was confident in walking us through the different positions to help my pain and she always seemed to have the perfect suggestion at just the right time. She intuitively sensed what I needed and helped guide my partner to meet my needs. She was willing to tirelessly provide massage and any other comfort measures to help me through my pain and discomfort. She didn't seem to ever run out of energy despite my labor lasting over 18 hours!I am so grateful to have had Lauren assist me during my birth and recommend her without reservation!