DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
17 TESTIMONIALS

Shanita Joy Murray, RN BSN CD CPD CBC CBE CPNE

Choosing Joy

Plainfield, NJ  Service range 35 miles  Servicing NJ, NY (Staten Island & Lower Manhattan), and Parts of Pennsylvania (King of Prussia, Philadelphia, Allentown, Bethlehem & Easton)

9084564187

https://www.iamchoosingjoy.net

Birth Fee

$1850 to $3500

Postpartum Rate

$65 to $75

Black Doula Indigenous/Aboriginal Doula

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Everlynn8/5/2023Shanita was so amazing to work with. This was my first pregnancy and I was very nervous about everything but she was there for me during the whole experience (pregnancy, labor and postpartum). She is very knowledgeable and was able to answer all my concerns. During labor she was there to guide me through the process even the nurses at the hospital were impressed by her. If you are looking for a doula I would 100% recommend. She is a mama who has gone through it and a nurse that understands hospital lingo to help you make the best decisions for you. 


Kaveena Bullock7/17/2023I was having such a hard time adjusting to breastfeeding and postpartum, but Shanita truly relieved the physical and emotional toll I was having. She was knowledgeable, understanding, thorough, and educational. She also makes you so comfortable speaking to her about what issues you have going on. I highly recommend her!! 


Tyree B.7/11/2023Working with Shanita Joy as our doula during the early months of our baby's life was an incredible privilege. We are immensely grateful for her exceptional support. Shanita exuded warmth and expertise, instantly making us feel comfortable and at ease. Her ability to make my fiancé feel truly comfortable was remarkable. She provided reassurance, allowing my fiancé to relax and trust in her own abilities. Shanita's kind demeanor and vast knowledge boosted our confidence as new parents. Her professionalism and respect for our space were evident from the beginning. She was always punctual and flexible, adjusting her approach to meet our needs. Whether through hands-on demonstrations, scientific explanations, or caring for the baby, Shanita provided invaluable guidance. As a dad, I appreciated her insights into nurturing and communicating with my fiancé. She offered valuable advice on emotional support during the postpartum period. Shanita's expertise extended beyond newborn care, emphasizing a nurturing environment for the entire family. I rate Shanita Joy as a 10/10 doula. Her warm nature, expert-level knowledge, and dedication created an invaluable support system. Every new mom deserves the care and guidance that Shanita provided. We are forever grateful for her impact on our journey into parenthood.


Mijah7/9/2023Shanita provided postpartum support during my 4th trimester. I delivered two weeks earlier than my anticipated due date and Shanita was very flexible with her schedule to ensure she was available upon my arrival from the hospital. She offered a wealth of knowledge that involved lactation support, properly bathing a newborn and massage/burping techniques to relieve my baby's gas. I enjoyed our daily conversations; as it was a joy to be in the presence of a mama who truly understands everything postpartum entails. Furthermore, it was a joy to receive support from a passionate doula who genuinely cared about me and my baby's first few weeks home. I found that in Shanita and we will forever be grateful for her. Choose JOY! 


Tayler Evans6/28/2023My experience with Shanita was amazing! She taught me so many new things becoming a new mother and i am very grateful for her as my doula. She always made sure to check in on me , give advice on how to structure my birth plan , and most importantly taught me how to advocate for myself. Also her support doesn't stop after birth. She does postpartum visits and still checks in on us. She is extremely knowledgeable , patient and easy to talk to. I would definitely recommend Shanita as your doula! You won't regret it. 


Jasmine6/26/2023Shanita is definitely a joy to work with. This was my first pregnancy and my first experience with a doula. She was instantly my first choice once I watched her video and was pleased to hear when she said she's a woman's woman. She truly is! She was so easy to work with and talk to; she was super resourceful and thorough with her explanations when my curiosity got the best of me (which was all the time). She was also amazing in getting my partner on board with using a doula. My birthing plan took a turn and she walked my partner and I through the what ifs and supporting my decisions; she was very hands-on, literally and figuratively, as my support system during my unplanned c-section. I cannot thank her enough for all of the support and care that I received from her during and after my pregnancy and delivery. We love her!


Amanda Brown5/3/2023This was my second pregnancy and you would think that I wouldn’t “need” a Doula since I’ve been through the experience of pregnancy and childbirth before- but that would be highly incorrect. In fact- because every pregnancy is different- I would argue that a Doula is even more necessary to help you overcome any preconceived notion’s about what the pregnancy would be like. Shanita has been an AMAZING Doula! During both the prenatal and postpartum periods her support and expertise have been invaluable. Her passion and love are evident in how she communicates. She is professional and timely. If there are any questions posed that she doesn’t have the answer for she will quickly research or tap into her network to find the necessary information.I did not have a complicated pregnancy however it is still a very stressful time for any mother and Shanita was always available to answer my questions and provide sound advice on a variety of topics. I cannot emphasize enough how valuable a Doula is and I am blessed to have found the right one in Shanita. I would also highlight that the role of a Doula extends far beyond the delivery room. Her postpartum support has been the most helpful as I navigate life post delivery. If you are considering hiring a Doula for your pregnancy or postpartum needs, I highly recommend Shanita- she is FANTASTIC!


Poliana da Silva3/14/2023Shanita was the best thing that I chose this pregnancy! When I got pregnant with our 2nd baby, I knew immediately that I wanted an unmedicated birth, so I knew I would need a doula. After our 1st baby, I had back surgery and was very hesitant to get another epidural but wasn’t sure I’d be able to have an unmedicated birth alone. Both my labors progressed very quickly, but on the first occasion, I didn’t have someone like Shanita to talk me through the pain and help me with pain relief techniques. With Shanita, I was able to achieve my goal of a completely unmedicated birth! I can barely believe it myself to this day!In addition, my goal was to exclusively breastfeed with direct latching. My first baby was exclusively breastfed but via pumping, as I did not have access to a lactation consultant and having trouble with latch and positioning. Shanita brought a nipple shield to the hospital and immediately after delivery helped me with skin-to-skin and latching. Approximately 2 weeks after delivery, baby suddenly stopped latching and I desperately reached out to Shanita, who came to my house the next morning to the rescue! Baby has since been direct nursing like a champ and Shanita’s help has been indispensable to achieving my goals on this pregnancy!Instead of spending $ on unnecessary and expensive baby gear, use the money wisely and invest in a doula. It was the best investment and I will be forever grateful to Shanita for her assistance on this pregnancy! This is my 2nd and last baby and can look back with pride at being able to achieve what I always dreamed of…all with Shanita’s help!


Rebecca Hippolyte-Louis2/27/2023Shanita was a game changer for my husband and for the birth of our first child. Being new to NJ and being a first time mom, I felt like a fish out of water. From our interview meeting, Shanita was not only professional but extremely knowledgeable. In that first meeting she gave me advice that was invaluable all before I even signed a contract! Her gracious and forward thinking ways helped me stay grounded and confident during my labor stages and water birth. With no interventions, Shanita's encouragement helped me have the delivery of my dreams. If you're looking for a doula who will hold you accountable, advocate for you, champion your birth plan, and hold your hand throughout the process, look no further. 


Alice2/21/2023Shanita is a godsend, reliable and approachable, very empathetic and listens to your concerns and fears, her experience as a NICU nurse is invaluable, my baby came 24 weeks early and Shanita was very flexible to move my Douala deposit to postpartum services, and she showed up when my baby came home almost 4 months later, with a lot of good advise and experience with her, those first few weeks her presence gave us time to rest, and catch up on sleep, she was pleasant to just sit with for hours and chat, and always checked in and was reachable by phone or text when we had questions. I would highly recommend her to be a partner through your pregnancy


Angela12/30/2022My husband and I hired Shanita for support during my 4th trimester. My biggest concerns were proper recovery (from a c-section delivery) and lactation support. Even before we welcomed my daughter, Shanita provided a wealth of information and advice based on my client intake form. After delivery, it was like having a sister at home with me to help with the baby and also help me with nursing. One instance that stands out for me, was when I was having trouble standing. My husband brought me to the ER and Shanita was right there with us. It was very reassuring to have someone with her background and expertise there to support us during that time. Also, as a mom herself, Shanita provided some PRO TIPS that has helped me save time and stress. If you’re looking for a postpartum doula, look no further - Choose Joy….


Anne12/4/2022Shanita has an easygoing personality and freely shares her wealth of knowledge. In addition, she's an all around great person who was wonderful with our twins and helped us get settled after their arrival. 


Yvanne N11/9/2022Best DOULA ever. Granted is my first one but not changing. Even though my birth did not finish like I anticipated (C Section Mama here), Shanita was right there with the support and information I need during the pregnancy, during the induction process and even a month after giving birth. Shanita kept me sane with proper information during my pregnancy cause Google, WebMD and Tiktok would stray me away sometimes so having Shanita confirm and provide accurate data for my questions really helped. I texted her at all type of hours and wouldn't expect a response right away but I will get them so she is very much attentive. I am glad this birthing experience did not shy me away from having another child so I am excited for the next one cause I know I'll have Shanita by my side. I totally recommend her to anyone I know that's pregnancy.


lauren9/20/2022Shanita stepped in for us as a back up doula when the person we had been working with, unfortunately, fell ill the week we went into Labor.Our labor progressed almost immediately to active labor and Shanita was super accessible. We were able to get a hold of her immediately and she hurried to meet us at the hospital as soon as we headed there. (Meeting us at home was not an option due to how quickly things progressed!)Having her there was super helpful for my partner. By the time the hospital allowed her to meet us, he was pretty exhausted and it was nice for him to have another person there for support and questions. I ended up opting for an epidural and Shanita was great about helping me reposition on the peanut ball as well as helping answer our questions about the various next steps while we waited to progress through labor.Post labor - she sent us a lot of helpful information to watch out for in post partum and things to be aware of.As first time parents, we were very glad we opted to have a Doula as part of our care team. We learned so much as a result throughout our pregnancy, birth, and post partum journey that allowed us to not feel completely overwhelmed and anxious for each stage but equipped with knowledge, steps, and  supportive resources (our doulas!) to reach out to - should we have any questions or concerns.


Nashrah Shah7/6/2022Shanita is absolutely amazing. I can't express in words how grateful I am for her support during my labor. She was there the entire time next to me for 12 hours during my labor. Her physical presence, calm demeanor and most importantly, her emotional support kept me going. Her medical background and thoughtful manner helped keep all the medical staff in the room at ease. My doctor was very impressed with her professionalism and commented on how she has never met a doula so dedicated to her client like she was with me. I had a positive labor experience because of her and don't know how I would have done it without her.


KG4/12/2022Choosing Joy offers top notch service and comes highly recommended. Shanita took her time and educated me on breastfeeding. She shared several handouts and summaries of our appointments. She help me keep my stress level down and focus on different techniques and healthier food options. Her passion and dedication was jaw dropping. My family and I are very thankful for the stellar level of professionalism and the tremendous follow up. Thank you a million times over and may God bless you and your business. If you are in need of help on your journey CHOOSE JOY??????????


Mima will4/12/2022This being my second child you think I would know what I am doing by now right? Barely, especially pregnancies being almost a decade apart. Moving to a new state, with many people not of your origin overseeing your birth can be even scarier; which is why I looked for a doula who could understand me through such an intense period in my life. I first came across Shanita on social media with her informative ads, which created the first sense of comfort for me. Upon our first free consultation, I felt more at peace and educated upon things I was not aware of. Let’s not forget she is an actual registered nurse, which put her a step ahead in the game in my book. Shanita has gone literally above and beyond what she charges. I’ve learned more about my body with her resources in less than 2 months than I have with other medical professionals in my life. I am due in a few months and have nothing but peace going through this process knowing I have someone with my best interest at hand. Don’t walk, RUN to choosing joy doula services! Only if your serious about the health of yourself and your baby of course!