DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
4 TESTIMONIALS

Sheila G-Rivera

Mother Zion LLC

Stanhope, NJ  Service range 33 miles  Fees may vary.

Birth Fee

$700 to $1500

Postpartum Rate

$55 to $70

Black Doula

Availability Remarks: 3 hour maximum availability per day postpartum, travel time not included.

CONTACT SHEILA VIEW SHEILA'S AVAILABILITY

Karima K2/13/2023If you are looking for a sign to book Sheila, this is should be it!I met Sheila more towards the end of my pregnancy, but her impact on me has been quite profound. She has a uniquely calming energy about her, she is very patient and also emotionally present.Like almost every expecting mother, you have this dreamy scenario of how you expect your labor and delivery to go, but the truth is that it's hardly ever so. That was my situation, but Sheila was there to walk me through it all - and I mean all 50+ hours of my labor! Her steadfast support, her encouraging words, the way she would listen and do exactly as you say is just what you need in such a time.One of my best experiences with her was on the dawn of the day before I delivered my baby, my surges were so intense, I was throwing up about every hour and I obviously could not get any sleep in. She drove to at that late hour to help me with some breathing exercises, talks, massages and a shower which helped me feel so much better mentally and emotionally and gave me a more positive outlook towards my delivery.This is just to say Sheila is the kind of doula who would put you first not just because you are probably paying her to, but it's the type of person she is. She is never hard to reach and always there when needed and or necessary. There is so much more I can say about her, but I will keep it short. I am blessed to have had her as my doula and I 10/10 recommend! 


Bill2/2/2023Having a doula and specifically Sheila present for the birth of our second daughter, who was such an assett and a comfort for my wife and I, leaves us with so much gratitude. Sheila was a calming presence throughout the whole delivery process. She is also fearless and was able to help us communicate our needs to our midwife and caregivers when needed. She is patient, cheerful and has a calming presence. We delivered in a hospital and Sheila was able to create a beautiful scene with lights, scents, calming uplifting music and affirmations throughout the room. Everyone who entered commented saying it was so beautiful and serene and they didn't want to leave. Again I can't thank Sheila enough for being such a calming steady presence for us. As a husband she specifically helped me fulfill my role in meeting my wife's needs when she needed me. My wife and I highly recommend Sheila for anyone considering using a Doula for their birth.  


Shevy8/17/2022working with Sheila was an awesome experience, not only was she supportive. She was also attentive, to responding and get back with answers regarding any questions I might have. She guided me during my pregnancy with twins, and took the time to visit us after delivery to make sure everything went smooth. Near or far, Sheila was able to provide the services to me that I needed. Thank you! 


Dee8/4/2022As soon as I found out I was pregnant with my 3rd, I knew I wanted to hire doula services. It was almost as if the heavens have heard my prayers and put Sheila directly in my path.  She is a wonderful soul.Her support during our transition was incredibly helpful.  I particularly appreciated her ability to listen to my concerns and guide me towards resources and information.  During the early weeks of my postpartum, she helped by preparing meals and helped  me figure out how to juggle the needs of all 3 kids while also focusing on self care.  She is intuitive, calm, kind, very supportive and also great with kids (which is an added bonus if you have older siblings).  Not only is she a great Doula but during this whole process has become a dear friend. I highly recommend Mother Zion services if you are looking to connect with a doula who is grounded and passionate about her work.