DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
3 TESTIMONIALS

Victoria Elias, CD(DONA)

Nurtured Motherhood, LLC

Sparta, NJ  Service range 65 miles

973-997-6257

https://www.nurturedmotherhood.org/

Birth Fee

$1500

CONTACT VICTORIA VIEW VICTORIA'S AVAILABILITY

Divia1/25/2023Our experience with Victoria was wonderful! Before giving birth we met with Victoria to put together our birth plan, learn different techniques for labor and to ask questions. She was available for any questions or emotions I had leading up to the birth via phone and text and was always checking in to see how I was doing. Once I went in to labor Victora came to the hospital and created a peaceful calming environment with dimmed lights, LED candles, aromatherapy, massages and breathing techniques. I ended up having a complex and scary delivery and Victoria not only kept both my husband and I calm throughout it but stayed with us way past what was expected of her to make sure we were ok. She also continued to check in after to make sure we were doing ok and checked in via a post-partum visit. I highly recommend her and know we wouldn't have handled our delivery as well if she was not there. She is the calming presence you need for your delivery! 


Donovan Clarke11/23/2021Victoria was such a pleasant addition to our birthing experience. Having a knowledgeable and helpful doula apart of our journey was very important to us and Victoria was just that and more. She was always just a call away and she didn't only assist with my wife, she also provided me support and comfort throughout our birthing experience. Victoria was more than prepared and always had extra equipment to ensure we were comfortable and that our ambiance was too. She's very genuine and thoughtful, even after our son was born Victoria bought us further information about postpartum and kept in touch for all of our early milestones and holidays. She provided us with cupcakes and even flowers for my wife which was greatly appreciated. I'd definitely recommend Victoria! 


Sakari11/23/2021Victoria was an amazing presence. Every conversation and every moment with her was peaceful and joyful. Not only was she super prepared bringing water, essential oils and other helpful tools, she knows exactly what to say to take your mind off of everything that goes on with labor. She was also an amazing help to my husband making sure he was mentally at his best to help support me before and during labor and when my birth experience took a scary turn. She truly loves what she does and anyone would be so lucky to have her. I couldn't have asked for a better person to go through all of this with. If you can't tell I highly recommend! 