DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
6 TESTIMONIALS

Zen Holmes, CD(DONA), LMT

Comfy Momma Prenatal & Postpartum Support

Englewood, NJ  Service range 25 miles

646-780-0455

https://comfymomma.com

Birth Fee

$1800 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $65

Black Doula

CONTACT ZEN VIEW ZEN'S AVAILABILITY

Lindsay2/19/2020Zen was wonderful from the start.  She helped my husband and me in thinking through our birth plan and what we really wanted.  She was thoughtful, informed and completely non-judgmental of any decision or thoughts we had.  I felt comfortable and safe with her.  Her pre-birth in-home services - pre-natal yoga and massage - were both amazing and were a great opportunity for us to develop rapport before labor.  While no part of the labor experience went "as planned," Zen was consistent throughtout the process in keeping me calm, massaging me, and using lavender and music to keep the room as tranquil as possible.  Perhaps as important as supporting me, she was also supportive of my husband and my sister who were in the birth room - leading by example, giving them ideas of what to do/how to help and providing a calming presence in the tense moments.  When "medical jargon" was being used by doctors or my husband and I weren't sure about decisions being made, Zen was always the person to ask questions to the doctors and ensure we were kept in the loop.  After my daughter was born, she also followed up with an in home visit to check on how everything was going.  We'll forever be thankful for Zen and couldn't recommend her more!


Rebekah2/18/2019Zenzen/nouna Japanese school of Mahayana Buddhism emphasizing the value of meditation and intuition. .... This sums up how I felt about Zen at my sons birth. From the time we met I felt comfortable and like we were exchanging good energy. It was her first experience as a doula and I still felt strongly that she was the right fit. I was right. We met through a group of amazing people while I was pregnant. Her name was in my mind as a possible choice for my baby, prior to meeting her. So, we connected. She was in contact with me throughout the pregnancy suggesting many things like herbs oils healthy food stretching exercising and strengthening my body for labor. We met twice prior to the birth and once the baby was on the way she spent the entire day and night with me until we saw his cute little face. I was in labor for 22 hours most of which was extremely painful. Zen's massage techniques were key. She worked tirelessly the entire night on my body to make sure I was comfortable. She also made sure to have my birthing plan with her at all times so if we came across any kind of disagreement with the doctor she was there to be my cheerleader. She knew the right questions to ask and she knew exactly what I wanted  and defended it. The experience I had with Zen was one I would recommend to anyone having a baby. She's responsible, loving, caring, gentle and great at what she does.Any questions? Feel free to contact me. ~Rebekah And Kahlani??


Damillia Desiree1/30/2019I had a very long and difficult time in labor. I was on the fence about what to do at some points. Zen was so supportive, comforting and reassuring. I had many family members there but her presence was invaluable. Zen was professional and knowledgeable at all times and with everyone. She asked all the right questions. This was super helpful especially since I ended up with an unscheduled c-section and wasn't sure what to expect. I was so happy to have a doula but truly blessed to have found Zen.


Marz Lovejoy1/28/2019Working with Zen was an absolute pleasure. She provided comfort in ways my family members could not. Zen is extremely professional, assertive, loving, and can blend in with her surroundings, making her feel like a member of the family! A real natural.


Michelle Brugal1/13/2019Zen has a wonderful and nurturing energy. She is unique in her field as she is not only a doula but also offers prenatal yoga and massage services. During my labor she remained calm yet assertive, and continued to support me through every tough decision. I am grateful for her knowledge and care pre, during, and post the birth of my little angel. Thank You, Zen!


Megan Martin1/5/2019Zen was an amazing part of my birth team. She was incredibly supportive in helping my husband and I really think through what we wanted our birth experience to be. When the time came, she was incredibly supportive and hands on the entire time. I had back labor and I swear she was massaging my back for 5 hours straight. When I was debating whether or not to go against some of my birth preferences, she gently reminded me of what I wanted and then fully supported my decision. I cannot giving a more glowing recommendation for Zen. Even though my labor and delivery was not exactly how I had imagined it, she helped to make it a wonderful experience and one I will never forget.