DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
7 TESTIMONIALS

Alexis Vatteroni

Nourish & Thrive

Hartford, CT  Service range 50 miles

860-324-5472

http://nourishthrivedoula.com

Birth Fee

$1000 to $1500

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $50

CONTACT ALEXIS VIEW ALEXIS 'S AVAILABILITY

Lou Raven6/28/2023Alexis was an INCREDIBLE caregiver to our newborn son, my wife, and even to me. She was invaluable during our first 12 weeks as parents. We don’t know how we would’ve made it through those first weeks without her! My wife and I don’t have family in the area, so we had to look for outside help. When we started interviewing, I didn’t really know what support from a postpartum doula would look like. After one meeting with Alexis, it was clear she is kind, caring, compassionate, patient, and experienced. She mentioned one of her roles is caring for the parents, particularly mom, as she goes through an emotional journey. I thought that’d be helpful. I didn’t realize HOW impactful that specific skillset would prove to be… Alexis provided support we needed, even when we didn’t know we needed it. Her support ranged from physical help with childcare (of course), to a shoulder to cry on, to nourishing meals for me and my wife (I did not expect that!!) Alexis offered care suggestions based on her experience. That shortened our learning curve significantly. She guided us through tough situations with thoughtful questions. Her approach helped us work through issues as a couple. She empowered us to make decisions and develop OUR OWN routines, philosophies, etc. Alexis’ approach proved to be a huge help even after her time with us ran out. My wife and I had a level of confidence we wouldn’t have had after 3 months figuring it out on our own. We are SO GLAD Alexis is in our life. She’s a part of our family now. Our son lights up every time he sees her! If you have the opportunity to work with her, jump on it!


Allison Raven6/27/2023Alexis is a godsend. We will be begging her to work with us again when we have our second child!She was recently our postpartum daytime doula three days a week. She started with us as soon as our son was born, and we ended up extending her contract an extra month because we (and our son) couldn’t bear to be without her! She treated our baby as if he was her own; she is his favorite person in the whole world. She did a wonderful job providing mental health support to both myself and my husband, all while still somehow finding time to cook us delicious meals! Wish I could give her 10 stars.


Lauren6/13/2023We knew we wanted Alexis to be our birth doula and to be a part of our birth story from the moment we met her. She is kind, compassionate, supportive and deeply committed to helping the families she supports. During our prenatal meetings she asked thoughtful questions, listened with her whole being and held space for all of the emotions that flowed through both me and my partner. And during labor and delivery she was the grounding force that helped me through transition, the final stages of delivery and the immediate moments after. One thing I loved most about her was the way she brought a calming energy to the room everytime we were with her. And thank goodness for her recommending that my husband read "The Birth Partner!" There are so many unknowns throughout pregnancy, labor, and delivery, but Alexis helped us feel calm, confident and prepared. If you want to feel empowered to birth your baby in a way that feels right to both you and your partner, choose Alexis. It was such a gift to get to know her and have her be such an important part of our story!


Jessica Bransfield3/8/2023My husband and I welcomed our first child into our family in February. From the time of the first positive pregnancy test, I had been having incredibly challenging symptoms. I knew that I wanted to have a natural, medication and intervention free hospital birth, but felt so drained from the pregnancy that I had no idea where to begin in preparing.We were fortunate to find Alexis. Right away at the initial meet and greet we knew it was a good fit. Alexis’s calm, grounded, and nurturing personality gave me confidence that I was in good hands. She is a wealth of knowledge; she helped us explore external and internal resources and provided constant encouragement and support throughout my pregnancy. Several complications arose (pre-eclampsia, concerns of GD, etc.) and Alexis was readily available to help process as well as to offer tools and direction in making sure my physical and mental health were well taken care of.When it came time to deliver, things did not go as desired. The natural birth I had hoped for turned into an emergency induction and eventually an emergency cesarean section. I felt fortunate that due to preparation done in prenatal visits, I had the knowledge to make informed choices and understood what was going on. Alexis was an immense comfort through it all. She acted as both an advocate and a cheerleader- reminding me to trust my intuition and that even if things did not go as planned, it didn’t have to be negative. I can confidently say that my support team got me through the challenging parts and were able to celebrate with me when our beautiful and healthy baby boy finally made his arrival. We are so grateful for Alexis’s encouragement and care throughout our birth journey and will absolutely be seeking her support again when we are ready to expand our family further. Thank you, Alexis!P.S. Alexis prepared absolutely amazing comfort food to help nourish us through the fourth trimester!


Liza Styles11/15/2022Alexis was an amazing doula. I hired her fairly late, but she jumped right in to providing text support as I navigated a few complications towards the end of my pregnancy. We also had a really nice, very well-organized and warm prenatal visit where she helped me think through different scenarios. On the big day, Alexis was simply awesome. She helped me try different positions and troubleshoot when certain things were working or not. She also was an amazing cheerleader, particularly when I was stuck in limbo before being admitted and during the pushing stage, which was tough for me emotionally. Throughout it all, she helped my partner feel comfortable and confident with the intesity of my unmedicated birth (and allowed him a brief much-needed rest!) I looked forward to her postpartum visit, and it did not disappoint! She brought delicious food and was a warm presence to talk to about labor and newborn life. I almost wish I was having another baby so I could hire Alexis again.


Jacky9/20/2022Alexis was great. This was my third baby so I had an idea of how I wanted my labor to go but she helped me create my birth preferences and was there before, during and after the labor to offer support and some much needed reassurance. My labor progressed fast (having been my third) but she got there in time to support me and offer gentle, empowering and yet calming words that were needed throughout my labor. She was a huge help postpartum during her visit too, she helped with food and held the baby for me and most importantly offered some great compliments and a listening ear that were greatly appreciated in a time when I was feeling very vulnerable and overwelmed. Alexis has a very nurturing and warm way about her! 


Samantha9/19/2022Alexis was able to provide the perfect amount and type of support that my husband and I needed. She nailed it, despite only having one prenatal visit very shortly before my son was born. I had educated myself pretty well on what things I wanted and didn’t want, so I had already thought about those things and had made decisions before my first meeting with Alexis. While in labor, Alexis acted as a sounding board to help me make sure that I was making the right decisions and considering all outcomes. During my labor and birth, both my husband and I were exhausted due to my labor starting late in the afternoon and having not slept well the night before. Alexis was able to assist my husband so that I had continuous support while allowing my husband the opportunity to get some rest as well. 