DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
27 TESTIMONIALS

Allison Petrides, CLD/CPD

Gentle Beginnings Doula Services LLC

New Canaan, CT  Service range 25 miles  One-time travel fee required for destinations outside of the Fairfield county area.

2034424277

http://www.gentlebeginningsdoula.com

Birth Fee

$2000 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $60

CONTACT ALLISON VIEW ALLISON'S AVAILABILITY

Erin Walsh7/27/2023Aly is truly such a special human and you can tell she was meant to do this type of work - and hiring Aly was the best decision we made for our pregnancy journey. I only wish I found her earlier on!!! Before going into labor. Aly met with us once in home to help prepare us. As first time parents we needed help understanding what we were about to experience. She walked us through all the scenarios that may come up and was incredibly helpful with guidance and pain relief techniques. When she left, we both felt really prepared going into labor with a “loose” plan on what we envisioned labor being like, while also knowing that you can’t truly know what you’re going to do until you’re in the thick of it. I went through a few days of prodromal labor leading up to my daughter being born and I was so thankful for Aly who was available via text every step of the way. She gave me advice to try and progress the labor, kept us calm … and we were so thankful for her guidance every step of the way. While at the hospital, things progressed very quickly and Aly made it just in time to push. It was a difficult three hours of pushing, but again Aly kept me calm with beautiful visualization techniques and also helping to guide my husband on how to support me and keep me comfortable. We didn’t originally have a postpartum package with Aly, but in the days after I developed bad engorgement and a clogged duct. Aly came over to help me with latching and how to work my pump and I 100% believe I would’ve given up on breastfeeding if it weren’t for her. If you’re thinking about hiring Aly, I would choose her over and over again. My husband and I are so happy we found her and can’t recommend her enough.  Thank you Aly!


Stefanie Wilks5/25/2023Aly was absolutely incredible through every step of this journey. She provided immeasurable support and help throughout my pregnancy, constantly checking in to see how I was feeling. She was always available to answer any question, no matter how small, and provided numerous resources and suggestions to relieve any and all pregnancy concerns. She truly went above and beyond during a long and painful labor, and was a critical advocate for us at the hospital, providing constant support and encouragement both mentally and physically. I couldn't imagine my birth experience without her, and cannot recommend her highly enough.


Hannah5/22/2023Aly was such a great support and resource during my pregnancy, labor and delivery, and postpartum! I always knew I wanted a doula to support me in my birth but didn’t realize how helpful it would be to have one for everything that came before and after too. Aly regularly checked in with me, shared resources and helpful tips and reminders based on where I was in my pregnancy, and offered advice and reassurance whenever I needed it. She was a great sounding board when I had to make decisions about my prenatal care, helping me talk through my decisions and sharing her knowledge of both the evidence and real life experiences. She supported my birth plan and was wholeheartedly supportive and flexible when that plan changed as things unfolded during labor and delivery. Her humor, wisdom, and non-judgemental attitude was so vital to making me feel supported and empowered during this journey and I’m so grateful to her!


Kay4/17/2023Aly is an amazing doula. My husband and I retained her virtual services last minute for our first baby and she was there for us every minute we needed her from our initial L&D jitters to post-delivery. She is a great listener, extremely communicative, and provides both evidence based resources and practical advice. We would not hesitate to recommend her services to anyone.


Megan H2/13/2023I am forever grateful to Allison!I found her later in my pregnancy, knowing that I wanted support for myself and my husband with the birth of our first child, and I am SO SO glad I found Allison! I had some struggles with doctors later in my pregnancy, and Allison was supportive, informative, and encouraged me to advocate for myself and find a doctor that worked best for me.She met with us twice in home before I went into labor to help prepare us, was super clear and helpful in giving me exercises to help with pregnancy aches and pain relief. We felt really prepared going into labor with a plan on how to tackle it…and of course nothing went as planned.Even though my birth preferences kind of went out the window, I still felt heard and encouraged the entire time and felt like I was able to make my own decisions about how my labor went as best as I could, and Allison was there for me and my husband every step of the way. I am forever grateful that she was there for us through a grueling 48 hours, and so thankful that she could be there for my husband when we were at our most vulnerable/scared.She checked in and visited with us after delivery, and allowed us space to talk about the birth, which we both really needed and appreciated. I would choose Allison again in a heartbeat for any future babies of ours, and I cannot recommend her highly enough!! She is genuine, extremely well informed, thoughtful, and an angel to have by your side when you most need it!


Rebecca1/26/2023As my husband and I prepared to welcome our first child I was very certain that I wanted a doula to guide me through pregnancy and my birth experience. I am so glad my husband and I chose to work with Allison. Allison not only coached me through the birth of my daughter but what really surprised me was how involved she was during my pregnancy and postpartum! Allison set me up for success in ways only a doula could. Allison got to know my husband and me in person over two meetings. We never felt rushed and she answered every question and never spared any details. In the times between our meetings, Allison would send articles, exercises, and so many other resources my way so I felt knowledgeable about pregnancy, birth, and postpartum. During the last month of my pregnancy, Allison was in touch often and so helpful in answering all my questions that came up. When I went into labor everything progressed very quickly. Allison was calm and talked me through what I was feeling. We decided to go to the hospital right away. Allison stayed in touch with my husband so she could coach him while she drove to the hospital. Once she got to the hospital it felt so nice to have an experienced and grounding presence with us. Due to my daughter being in the wrong position I really leaned on Allison while I pushed for over 3 hours. She was an amazing support for not only me but for my husband as well. When the doctor said I needed a c section Allison was a shoulder to cry on and so much more. She stayed in touch with resources after I had my daughter and came to our home to meet her! Allison has an amazing way of making you feel like you’re the only person she is working with. Allison is truly passionate about being a doula. If you are like me and want to be as prepared and knowledgeable as you can be along with having a birth coach by your side then I absolutely recommend working with Allison as your doula.


Caroline Regan1/1/2023Aly was the doula for the birth of my first child. From the moment I first spoke with her over the phone, I felt at ease and supported by her calm but confident manner. During our prenatal visits and correspondence throughout my pregnancy, she always instilled confidence in me about my ability to birth and provided numerous resources that I feel truly prepared me for birth. She also provided guidance to my husband who was then able to confidently support me during early labor at home as well as active labor at the birthing center. During active labor, Aly’s presence was extremely soothing and affirming. We could not have pictured a better birth and that is all thanks to Aly. She also continued to provide support in the postpartum period and her home visit after the birth gave us so much reassurance in that transition. We are so happy with our experience and plan to work with Aly again in the future.


Sarah Greve10/21/2022Words cannot begin to describe how lucky I am to have found Aly… My baby boy was born on June 1st of 2022. I have no family in the state and navigating everything COVID while pregnant was challenging. So, I knew that having extra support during my pregnancy was going to be important. Aly was more supportive and informative than my own mother! She would answer my texts/questions any time or the day and every week checked in on me. She was so knowledgeable about what I would expect at each OBGYN appointment and provided extra prenatal education depending on where I was in my pregnancy. Meeting with Aly in person to prepare for how I would labor and give birth saved me - I felt so much more calm and empowered after meeting with her! I was able to navigate my contractions much more effectively (mentally and physically) along with her calming words. My birth was uncomplicated, quick, calm, and beautiful. I did not expect it to be like that, but know that Aly’s support helped tremendously.Where Aly went even above and beyond was providing support even after the birth of my son. My baby boy is the most precious gift, but boy oh boy was my postpartum journey tough. It was really difficult for me to navigate life with a baby due to lack of family support, COVID, and struggles with my mental health. Aly was the person who led me to extra support for my baby and myself.  I truly do not know what I would have done without her.  My journey was not easy but Aly was with me every step of the way. I cannot recommend her enough…!


Kimberly Mansfield9/8/2022Aly was a god send for our arrival home from hospital. As two new parents, we were wide eyed and terrified coming home with our new bundle of joy. Knowing Aly would be there to get us set up for our first night at home with baby gave us peace of mind and the reassurance we needed. We were so grateful for her support. Aly also was always there for us via text, checking in daily and making sure all three of us were doing well during the pivotal post partum phase. It was like having a family member or dear friend checking in on us which was always welcomed. She also helped us give baby her first bath! Thank you, Aly, knowing you're right around the corner let's us know we have support whenever we need it. So grateful for you!


Emily A6/13/2022Allison was a wonderful, guiding light for us during our first pregnancy and labor. She was extremely accessible, helpful and adaptive to our wishes and needs. I felt like she was a friend that I could text when I had questions or anxiety, and she was always there with a calm and informative answer! I loved her approach to helping us achieve what we wanted out of a birthing experience, with no judgement or pressure if we wanted to deviate or had doubts. I recommended Allison to everyone who wants a down to earth, strong and confident, additional advocate for you during a chaotic, beautiful experience of your life. 


Elizabeth Barker4/11/2022I am so appreciative to have had the opportunity to work with Allison during my pregnancy. She is knowledgeable, empathetic, and organized! And not only that, but she was available to me throughout the final weeks of my pregnancy and first few weeks of motherhood by phone and text and was so responsive and supportive. I felt very well taken care of by her! I am so happy to recommend Aly to any expecting mama. I feel truly grateful that she was part of our delivery experience.


Ali SG12/20/2021Working with Aly was one of the best decisions I made during my pregnancy. As a first-time-mom, I really enjoyed all of the resources out there with information at every stage of the process, but I knew I wanted extra personalized support to supplement the relationship I had with my OBGYN. Aly was super responsive in every way - first, the literal responsiveness that is so comforting via text and phone; and second, following my lead on what I was needing and hoped for in the process to feel as confident as possible as I prepared for the birth. Aly listened to my every concern and provided support in a kind way, never alarmist or pushy. She was a great sounding board and empowered me to make my own choices about how I hoped to experience labor and the birth, always without judgement. The way she totally snapped into action during labor and made me more comfortable than I imagined possible is just a testament to her skill, knowledge, and empathy! Highly recommend with all my heart!


Shannan12/14/2021Having Aly guide us through my pregnancy, birth, and postpartum and helping us stay informed has been so amazing. As this was my first pregnancy, I was nervous about all of the unknowns, and Aly made sure there were no unknowns going into the birth and postpartum. She went above and beyond, helping me navigate some complications during my pregnancy and weigh all my options throughout each step of the way. She discussed different options with me when my doctor was trying to speed along the birth unnecessarily, and I was able to have minimal interventions because of the confidence her knowledge and guidance gave me and my husband. We had the most lovely postpartum visit, and I always felt comfortable reaching out with questions as I experienced so many bodily changes and as I began life with my newborn. We really couldn’t have been luckier and I know this journey would have looked so different without her supporting and empowering us throughout it all. I was able to have the most wonderful and informed birth because of her help, and I couldn’t be happier.


Devon Breen10/15/2021Being pregnant, giving birth, and postpartum were absolutely the most. Doing these things in the middle of a pandemic added a whole other level of stress and unknowns. Having Ali through out the entire process was an absolute pleasure. She was so incredibly attentive and answered all my questions no matter how small. She was not able to attend our labor, but she FaceTimed with me and my husband for the entire time! Anytime my husband discusses our labor and pregnancy experience he raves about how important having a doula is. "Do you have a doula? You need one! You need Ali!" She helped me ask questions, but most importantly helped me trust my gut and supported the kind of labor and pregnancy I wanted. I cannot say enough about how wonderful she is. Look no further! She's your girl! 


Shannon De Ycaza10/15/2021I knew once I found out I was pregnant with my second and trying for a VBAC I needed a doula for the support I lacked the first time. I am so very grateful I found Alison! She is absolutely amazing. Leading up to my birth she checked in with me regularly and on more than one occasion talked me through my anxieties or concerns. The night I went into labor she responded immediately and was in constant contact with me and my husband before meeting us at the hospital. I could not imagine my labor without her. She provided physical and emotional support at every stage. She was a warm and peaceful presence in the room and I felt she was 100% on my team. After 3 hours of pushing, I did have to have a C section. It was an emotional decision for me and Alison was there through it all. During this postpartum period she has continued to be an incredible source of support by checking in on me and providing resources when needed. Through everything- pregnancy, labor, delivery, postpartum- I have felt undeniably she has been in my corner every step of the way. Truly look no further if you would like a doula for your birth!


Suko9/18/2021As a first time mom, I figured that having a doula would be very important to my natural child birth. Aly helped me so much from prenatal to postpartum. With the prenatal support, she was always checking in with me how I was doing and gave me great advice on how to prepare my baby registry, etc.. During the labor, she stayed with me the whole time to get through each contraction and also guided my husband how to support me. I had 30 hour labor, but thanks to her presense I had unmedicated natural birth at home! In my early postpartum I faced some challenge with breastfeeding. Aly gave me a lot of encouragement and shared with me great information. I felt our relationship is much more than a doula and a client. I'm so glad to work with Aly for my birth!


Alyson Koblick8/11/2021I say this without a shred of over-exaggeration: I would not have been able to get through my pregnancy without Allison by my side. I had so much anxiety about pregnancy and worried about every little thing I did, ate, etc. Allison was always there (and I mean ALWAYS there) for me to vent my concerns, and she responded with love, empathy, and true compassion. She helped put things into perspective, gave me amazing advice and guidance, and celebrated every milestone. She was incredibly generous with her time, and I was so grateful for every bit of it. She always checked on me and made me feel like I was a real priority for her, not just a job. I mattered. And that mattered so much to me.When we started discussing my birth wish list, she made sure I had realistic expectations and helped me to mentally and emotionally prepare for the biggest event of my life.When the big day arrived, she was right there--starting with her instantaneous response to my "I think my water might've just broken" text at 1am. She went above and beyond during my labor. When the time came for her to join us at the hospital, she jumped right into action, doing everything she could to help me through each contraction. When we were waiting hours for me to dilate, she didn't think twice about staying during all that time. She advocated for me when nurses weren't listening to what I was saying I needed or when I was uncomfortable with something.I didn't just find a gem of a doula in Allison. I found a friend. She made every bit of difference in how I went through my pregnancy, and it is in large part because of her that I have the most positive outlook on how my labor and delivery ended up going. I could never thank Allison enough for everything she did for me. If you have the privilege of choosing her as your doula, you will be so beyond thankful you did.


Delaney5/3/2021Allison was so incredible as my doula for the birth of my second son. I found Allison late in the game (literally 36 weeks pregnant) but desperately needed some help in finding another doctor. I really wanted to try for a VBAC and my current doctor was not supportive (to say the least). Allison was quick to reach out and offer incredible support and helped me research to find a provider that would be supportive of my decision, especially being literally 4 weeks away from giving birth. Ultimately, Allison found my care team who was not only supportive of my VBAC but was happy to take me on at 37 weeks pregnant. While I didn't get my VBAC (for reasons that were out of my control) I ended up still having the birth experience that I wanted because of the support I had. I never would have gotten there without Allison or even had the chance to try my VBAC! If you have any doubts or just looking for someone to listen, you will not regret reaching out her!! She is super knowledgeable and caring :) 


Allie D.2/28/2021Allison was an amazing support throughout my pregnancy and now in my fourth trimester. While my delivery did not go as expected and I ended up having a planned C section (during the pandemic), which meant Allison was unable to attend the actual birth, she went above and beyond to make sure I felt her presence throughout the entire experience. I found Allison to be extremely warm, caring, compassionate and non-judgmental, which made opening up and building a relationship with her extremely easy. She consistently checked in, provided helpful feedback and advice, and made both my husband and me feel cared for and supported. We could not have asked for more from a doula - She is truly a gem! 


Jill11/2/2020As a FTM, I am so glad I found Aly and was able to benefit from her guidance during my pregnancy, birth & postpartum. She helped me navigate some overwhelming doctor's appointments with her unbiased advice. She gave me tips on how to get the most information out of those appointments. She encouraged me to second guess some recommendations, but also supported me with my final decisions. Without Aly's input I would not have felt as prepared and comfortable in the decisions we made. Throguhout the entire process she was extremely responsive and engaged - not only during the telehealth visits - but also messaging between those appointments, and even when I texted her at 3am while I was in labor! Aly read into some emotions that I wasn't able to process and because she walked us through that, both my husband and I were more prepared for what came next. I gave her very little notice to get to the hospital, but she made it there and jumped right in as my water broke within minutes of her arrival!Aly had a positive energy from the first phone call through to the postpartum recovery. I am so grateful for her support that helped me achieve the birth that I wanted! 


Charlene5/4/2020Allison was very helpful along the way. She was always ready to help and supporting us at any time during the pregnancy and the birth. She sent excellent tips in order for us to be prepared. She answered all my questions and empowered my birthing expensive by sending me to different workshops including hypnobirthing which I totally recommend. I was able to manage labor pain for 24h using HB. Unfortunately, things didn’t go as planned as Allison got sick few days before my induction date. However, she sent us Leslie who great! Even being sick, Allison was in touch 24/7 during the whole labor and up to this day. we cannot recommend Aly and Leslie enough. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts! We need more women like you.


Matt A3/23/2020Allison was a wonderful help with the home birth of our third child. She was very responsive, supportive, and accommodating. My wife and I would highly recommend her to any expecting couples!


Esmeralda3/6/2020Allison is literally an angel from heaven!She was there for me every step of the way. When my contractions began at 2am, she remained in contact with me and helped me labor at home as long as possible. When it was time to head to the hospital, she met me and my husband there and immediately got to work. She gave me gentle back massages and allowed me to hold/sway with her when I was in the middle of a contraction. She had such a soothing voice and her affirmations helped me get through so many contractions. She slowly poured water on me for hours while I labored in the tub. She even brought a peanut ball which was so helpful when I was laboring in bed. She provided incredible support to my husband and mom. I'm sure if Allison wasn't there, my mom and husband would've been so stressed out.I labored without pain medications for so many hours and I wouldn't have lasted as long if Allison wasn't there. Even after almost 18 + hours of stalled labor, Allison NEVER left my side. I felt so empowered to be able to last so long without any medications and I'm so glad our baby girl was delivered safely in the end. Even almost a week after having my baby, she still checks on me! If you're looking for a doula, look no further. She's incredible!


Michelle11/23/2019I feel fortunate to have had Allison as my birth doula during my hospital birth. In the weeks leading up to my delivery, she periodically checked in on me and provided excellent advice regarding pregnancy, prenatal care, labor and birth. When the time came for me to deliver my baby boy, she immediately left an event she was attending and met me at the hospital. She supported me alongside my mom. I don’t know how I would have gotten through active labor without her encouraging words and back massages.Overall, I had the birth experience I wanted. And Allison played an integral role in helping me to achieve it. Therefore, I highly recommend Allison’s doula services. 


Erin10/28/2019In all my preparation for child birth, finding Allison may just of been the best. Throughout my pregnancy she periodically checked in on me, offering suggestions and support. I felt comfortable to contact her with any questions, concerns or just anything I wanted to share. I reached out to her the morning my contractions began and stayed in contact until I was ready for her to help me labor at home before the hospital. Her support, suggestions, and encouragement helped me get through labor without any pain meds! Not sure I would've done it without her. I'm so thankful for all her help!! She was an awesome support for my husband as well. In the beginning he hadn't been totally convinced that a doula was something we would need, after the birth he raved to our friends and family how amazing it was to have a doula, specifically Allison!!


Michele10/2/2019Aly is a judgement free, genuine, caring and inspirational woman. I couldn't shock her and she was always there with an ear to listen and sound advice. She gave me strength when I thought I had none and pulled me back to sane when I thought I'd gone crazy. She was great at explaining things and letting me know how normal our amazing bodies are when they scare us. As a mother of 3 herself, she just gets it! She's educated and compassionate and I couldn't imagine anyone else I would have wanted in my corner more during the biggest events of my life!


Grace7/15/2019Allison was a huge emotional support to me when my birth plan felt like it was flipped upside down. I wanted a natural birth with no interventions or medications. When my doctor told me I needed to be induced that day, I was shocked, frustrated, scared, angry, and sad. Allison was very informed about what medications would likely be offered to me. She helped me come up with questions I could ask the doctor. She also eased my anxiety and helped me get into a better headspace as we went through the induction process. In the end, I was able to have a version of the birth I wanted (one without painful procedures, pitocin, or pain meds). I am very happy with my childbirth experience and I am so grateful to her!