DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
9 TESTIMONIALS

Andreina Alvarez

The Mommy Doula

West Haven, CT  Service range 60 miles

https://www.themommydoula.com

Birth Fee

$4000

Postpartum Rate

$65

CONTACT ANDREINA VIEW ANDREINA'S AVAILABILITY

Heidi Day Wenzel1/19/2022I'm so glad I had Andreina as an extra resource for my birth experience particularly afterwards when she came to my home and gave me pointers on breastfeeding which were so helpful and I believe saved me from a lot of pain between feedings. She's continues to be a resource for us which has been so valuable. 


Annette11/20/2021As a first time mom having ahome birth, I couldn't have done it without Andreina. She was with my and my partner every step of the way. All throughout my pregnancy, she was always so helpful and available for any questions I had. She made me feel so comfortable and confident in my decision to have a home birth. I would highly reccomend Andreina to anyone looking for doula support. 


Tyler S.8/8/2021My husband and I waited until the last minute to find a birth worker and we were lucky enough to be united with Andreina! After learning that I had GDM later in my pregnancy and that my Drs. wanted to induce me, I began to realize that having a doula to help me understand and advocate for my birth goals was imparitive. By working with my nutritionist and Andriena, I was able to request to be induced if only I became over-due, allowing my body the time and space to go into labor naturally. Andriena was able to jump in and provide new information about the labor process and what to expect step-by-step. Sure enough, I went to labor on my own 2 days before my due date, and Andriena met my husband and I at 4 am at the hospital. I can't imagine not having her through my birth exprtience. She has a tremendously calming personality and I could see that hospital staff were receptive to having her pleasent energy around. When I didn't understand what was happening, she was able to explain everything to my husband and I in layman's terms.  I cannot reccomend her enough, and I hope she is still doing birth work when we try for #2! 


Marielle Chen7/3/2021Having Andreina as my doula really completed my positive birth experience. She was my birth angel during a vulnerable time. I'm glad I found her here in Doula Match. She was very reassuring, attentive and knowledgable. She helped me get through continuous labor and provided emotional and physical support.  I would not have made it to the required dilation for epidural if not for Andreina. Whenever I was overcome by the waves of immense pain from labor, she would use counter pressure massages and soothing words to calm me down, making it more tolerable and strengthened my will to face the next wave of contractions. I was able to deliver my 8 lbs 4 oz baby via normal delivery in less than an hour because of Andreina and my husband's support. She also offered guidance and evidence-based education about breastfeeding and post partum care. Andreina is truly an awesome doula!


Yanelfi Gomez5/13/2021This was my first pregnancy and having the support of a doula was really important to me. Having Andreina with us during the pregnancy, labor, delivery and postpartum phase was such a blessing. Throughout my whole pregnancy Andreina was a wealth of knowledge. She educated us on everything ranging from pain management techniques to infant sleep. Andreina was able to answer all of our questions and help ease all and any of our concerns. Andreina was such a great doula! I gave birth at home in a pool and Andreina was instrumental in helping me achieve the natural unmediated birth I wanted. During the birth she was extremely calm and reassuring. She is so caring and has the most positive attitude! During the postpartum phase she was available to help our family in any way she could! She was a perfect fit for our family. If your looking for a doula, look no further! Andreina is the best! 


Nimrah Asghar4/17/2021I was about 30 weeks pregnant when I found Andreina on DoulaMatch.com, we didn’t even know if a support person was allowed in hospitals due to increasing cases of covid.   As soon as we were told we can have a doula, I started my search and instantly felt at ease after my interview with Andreina.  You can just tell how passionate and knowledgeable she is about childbirth in a single conversation.  We went over everything from prenatal care, labor and delivery, postpartum care...as a first time mom I had so many questions.  She shared many valuable resources with me that helped me prepare for labor.  She helped me labor at home for as long as I could and timed contractions so that I wouldn’t go to the hospital too early.  When it was time to head out to the hospital, she arrived before us on such short notice (things escalated with me, my contractions went from 15 mins apart to under 4 mins apart in no time) and stayed til after we had the baby and were settled in our room.  She updated my sister via text throughout the night, gave my husband a break while she stayed by my side and comforted me during labor.   Then we had a few postpartum visits at home, which I didn’t realize were going to be so important, we came home with our newborn and had a hard time with breastfeeding. Andreina was so helpful with that and supported me in my breastfeeding journey when pediatricians made me feel so defeated, I was able to increase my supply and my baby exceeded her goal weight by our next doctors visit.  I had an amazing birth experience and Andreina was apart of it all, I am forever grateful for having her, a great team of nurses and midwives by my side.


Sania Woods Sinclair1/30/2021Andreina was an amazing doula support. We were happy to have her at the birth of our son. She is knowledgeable, kind and flexible. We signed up for her service late, however she was flexible enough to adjust to our particular needs. She provided us with helpful tips and material to prepare for the birth of our baby. She was also very helpful after the birth. We highly recommend her. Thank you so much Andreina! Kind Regards,From: Sania, Edwin and Baby EJ. 


Shyla Espejo8/10/2020The decision to have a C-section was made by my doctor and I only had 5 minutes to come to terms with what was going to come next. Andreina was comforting and supportive every step of the way. She tended to my healing but was also gentle and knowledgeable in assisting me with my newborn. Andreina was extremely supportive as she instructed me in breast feeding my baby post surgery. She was patient with me and always kept things at my pace. She answered all of my questions and calmed my anxieties. She was present and available through my first postpartum shower, as I struggled with engorged breasts, incision pain and feeding schedules. She even taught me how to properly swaddle my baby boy. There isn’t sufficient praise for all that she has done. Delivery is just the first difficult step into motherhood and having Andrea as a doula made a profound impact. I highly recommend Andreina as a doula. The passion, care and attention that she provides is unmatched. And in the storm of labor, recovery and motherhood-Andrea is the calm.


Johanna Quintero8/7/2020Andreina helped me during both my labors honestly can say she helped more then the nurses at the hospital did, she helped manage my pain by not just letting me lay in bed she walked with me and timed my contractions, talked me through my contractions helping me with my breathing, Setting me on a yoga ball making move around. She encouraging me to be on the move and not just to lay in bed.After the birth of my baby she was there checking on my baby making sure all was well. Andreina does not only care for the well being of the mom but also the baby she will change a diaper if she had to swaddle the baby for you. Andreina also encouraged breast-feeding she helped me with techniques helped me by make it easier not only for me but for my babies always made sure that I was comfortable when breast-feeding. With Andreina made both my labor experience better and more pain manageable. I was lucky enough to have her by myside in what was a special and at the same time scary life changing experience.   