DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
12 TESTIMONIALS

Ashley Murcia

Essential Birth Support

Windham, CT  Service range 50 miles

(860) 617-9184

Birth Fee

$1400 to $1600

CONTACT ASHLEY VIEW ASHLEY'S AVAILABILITY

Gina1/7/2021The experience was awesome. Ashley was patient and very caring. She answered all of our questions and was here and did not leave my side till I felt okay with everything. I would highly recommend her for anyone...


Brittany1/11/2020Ashley was incredible. I found her very late in my pregnancy. I think 35/36weeks. She not only was happy to take me on as a client so late, but worked with us regarding payments since normally I should have been paid in full by then. Prenatal visits were pleasant and felt likely coffee with a friend. During labor she was amazing and helped speak with staff (appropriately) regarding my wishes as we hadn’t had time to even type up my birth plan since baby came at 38w. She helped my husband understand what was going on- we had a hospital birth after several home births and it was all very foreign to us. She supported my decision to have an epidural from day 1. Previous births left me with some trauma and I knew an epidural was going to be the plan all along- even though I have always been against them. She never once made me feel judged for my decision and gave me information on the risks AND benefits and supported my decision the whole way. She was truly a blessing to my husband and I and I cannot recommend her more highly. She is a lovely, beautiful, and kind soul and made me labor and delivery much more comfortable and assured me the whole time. 10/10 would recommend. 


Rhema5/9/2019Ashley has truly been a blessing to me. She has supported me, encouraged me, taught me, and believed in me. I had a traumatic experience with my 1st daughter's birth and I wanted this birth to be different. I previously had a C section and was hoping this time would end with a vbac. Ashley suggested I change my health care provider. At 35 weeks plus 2 days I switched over to a wonderful midwife group in Manchester that she had recommended, Women's Wellness. With my supportive team, they were able to help me achieve the birth I'd been hoping for. If it were not for them, it would have ended with another C section. Ashley is absolutely amazing! She's caring, kind and will give you the support you need throughout your pregnancy, labor and delivery and post birth. I highly recommend her.


Bridget D'Angelo1/23/2019I had the most amazing experience with Ashley as my doula. She supported me throughout labor/delivery and talked me through what was happening. She also provided explanation to my spouse which he really appreciated. I will definitely choose Ashley again for any birth in the future because I truly believe my successful VBAC was a result of her dedication to helping me achieve my goal. I felt more confident with her by my side. She also is a kind person willing to answer any and all questions. Her arrival at the birth center was prompt and I will strongly recommend her in the future to any ladies I know looking for a supportive knowledgeable doula. Five stars all around as I enjoy my little two month old baby boy!! Satisfied mama here!


John Fleming1/18/2019Ashley is a beloved relative a ours. She takes pride in what she does. Ever since my fiancee was pregnant with our little boy she has been the biggest help on that subject just as well in general! She has been a tramendous help the whole way through. Much loved and very professional


Samantha D1/3/2019Ashley was wonderful to work with! This was my 2VBAC and we discussed so much during our pregnancy meetings, covering wants, needs, fears, etc and I felt so at ease getting to know each other. She was available for questions and concerns at any time along the way and eased my nerves when there were bumps in the road. When it became apparent I was in labor she was right there, arriving just as we were being checked in and stayed with us until after we had settled into the bliss of a new baby. She was calm, gentle, kind and a great guide when we needed guidance. She was able to guide Both my fiancé and I as needed. She even snapped some pictures of the birth for me which I will treasure!


Melissa Kennedy12/22/2018Ashley was amazing during my home birth! It was my first, so I didn't really know what to expect or what I would need during labor/birth. So it was wonderful to have someone who not only had had a home birth themselves, but someone I was comfortable with. During our meetings beforehand, we practiced different moves and techniques in our home, which made me feel better prepared. When I went into labor, Ashley came as soon as we called her, and when I progressed quickly, she was the one to call my midwife and suggest she get to my house. Throughout the whole process, she was comforting, encouraging and attentive; she seemed to know what I needed before I did. I didn't feel like I had to ask for anything and I felt taken care of. She brought essential oils to put in my diffuser, which was so soothing. Her reboso ended up being a huge help during contractions - I don't know what I would have done without it! Afterwards, she gifted it to me to use as a carrier and I will forever cherish it.  It was important to me that my husband be an active part of things, but knew he wouldn't know what to do. Ashley was great at guiding him and suggesting things, or he took her lead. I'm not sure things could have went better with my whole birth "team," and I don't know what we would have done without Ashley as a part of it. I highly recommend her as a doula!


liz strader12/14/2018I really lucked out having Ashley for my doula. I was super last minute finding her (on my due date) and she happened to be available. We only had one predelivery meet-up seeing how late I was getting in contact with her. During the meet-up she was able to answer my questions and showed me some stretches and ways to help with delivery. I was going alone for the whole process and I’m just so glad she was there for me. Between making sure I knew what was going on and ensuring my comfort for everything it was such a giant relief. I highly recommend her!


Amanda Golart11/27/2018I had such a great experience with ashley. She is very kind and patient. She was very helpful and gave me hope with things I was starting to feel hopless with. She was wonderful and I would highly recommend her to anyone else.


Jeanne Reed10/2/2018Although I was late in finding and choosing  a Doula (only finalizing the decision just shy of 36 weeks), I am so glad that I made the choice to have one and am doubly glad that I met Ashley. This was not my first pregnancy but I desired to have a different experience this time. However, based on my and my Baby’s condition, my doctors were strongly recommending early induction, an intervention which I feared would lead to a similar birth experience as before, the very situation I personally wanted to avoid. Enter Ashley. Her past experience as a mother and a Doula, her knowledge base from her own research and her natural intuition made her an excellent match for me. In our first meeting and in the subsequent two home visits, we discussed the many scenarios and decisions that I would face in the weeks leading up to delivery/scheduled induction. We talked through my concerns, fears, desires. She was very helpful in continuing to remind me that for every recommendation made, I had alternatives that could accomplish the same goal. She encouraged me to listen to my mother‘s intuition as well. We talked through ways to naturally prepare my body for birth. She also helped my husband understand and mentally prepare for laboring naturally. On Induction of Labor & Delivery Day, she was our encourager, our tour guide, our reminder that what I was experiencing was bringing my Baby closer and closer to us! She worked with the nurses and asked great questions to me and to the nurses in order to fulfill as many of my desires (which we had discussed in our meetings) as possible. Having her there allowed me to focus on my body and my Baby‘s delivery and not be distracted by all the activity, monitors, questions, etc.  I would highly recommend Ashley as a Doula and feel blessed that she was there to walk along side me during one of the most incredible experiences of my life!


Kiersten Gokee7/17/2018Ashley was absolutely wonderful during the birth of my daughter in May, 2017. She met with my husband and I twice before her birth and once after. We went over our birth plan, and she helped us stick to it during my difficult labor and delivery. The doctor that I had was extremely pushy when it came to rushing along my labor. Ashley stood by my side and helped to support my decisions. When the doctor would not listen to my pleas, Ashley stepped in and firmly, but kindly, informed him that I had made my decision and he needed to respect that. I am so thankful that she was there to advocate for me! Without her, I believe I may have given in to his constant push for an epidural. Ashley helped hold me up while I was laboring as well. When I look back now, I realize how strong she was for me, both physically and mentally. Although my labor and delivery did not go exactly according to plan, Ashley ensured that my requests were being met. I am so very lucky to have had her there for me and my husband. There are not enough words for me to describe how much I appreciate what she did for me in a time that could have been extremely traumatic. Because she stood beside me and helped me voice my needs when I could not, she helped me through the entire delivery process feeling confident in the decisions that were made. If we choose to have another child and I am still living in this area (or even near by) I would without a doubt hire Ashley to be my doula again!


Niki Stevens7/6/2018Ashley is absolutely amazing! She puts her whole heart and energy into helping couples have the birth experience that they want. She was there for my pregnancy, birth, and postpartum, and was especially helpful guiding me through challenges that came with being 2 weeks overdue and delivering at a hospital. A supportive, knowledgeable doula can make childbirth an incredible, empowering experience! I would highly recommend making her a part of your birth experience!