DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Chelsea Da Paz

Doula Chelsea

Moodus, CT  Service range 50 miles

https://www.doulachelsea.com/

Birth Fee

$600 to $1200

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $50

CONTACT CHELSEA VIEW CHELSEA'S AVAILABILITY

Jaimie2/24/2023When I delivered my son in June 2020, Chelsea was extremely supportive of my husband and I while I was recovering from a difficult birth and was very present during those first few newborn months. Chelsea taught us the “how-to’s” of caring for a new baby and offered different tips and supplies to make the transition into our new life easier. This support was appreciated and valued by us, no one else we knew of could have provided that to us. Along with Chelsea’s knowledge and in-depth research of caring for babies, she understands the struggles postpartum mothers endure. Chelsea is happy to share her knowledge and genuinely wants to help others. Having someone else understand what I was going through meant a lot, I felt that I wasn’t alone and had support in a time when it mattered most.


Rachael2/18/2023Where to start? Chelsea was my lifeline. My daughter is a pandemic baby, and I was navigating both pregnancy, the newborn phase, and infanthood without the village you hope you'll have. Chelsea was always just a text away, with useful advice or ideas, words of wisdom, or just "You got this". With a link to follow every answer she gave me, or a personal story of what might be worth trying, it was easy to feel like Chelsea knows everything. My daughter was two, and I was still asking for advice, the first time she told me "I don't know." It was about bath paints. I asked her how I was supposed to trust strangers on the internet? Yet here we are.From being supportive of my chosen parenting style to offering anecdotes about what's worked for her and what hasn't, Chelsea guides without pushing, and offers different options when things don't go as planned (my daughter still challenges me with her sleep habits). She guided me through my pregnancy, through birth, those terrifying first few days and weeks, the wonder and challenge of breastfeeding, the joys of babywearing, the impossible struggle of never feeling good enough. Chelsea is the real deal! 


Kelly Esborn2/18/2023Chelsea is absolutely amazing! I am impressed and in awe with her passion for all things motherhood. Through her own experiences, she  has become an incredible resource for women during pregnancy and during those crucial, trying first months of post-partum. Her kind demeanor makes her approachable and easy to talk to.I recommend any woman looking for doula support to reach out to Chelsea without any reservation. She is an intelligent, competent, capable and dedicated young woman.


Kimberley Lange2/18/2023It is a great pleasure of mine to write a character reference for Chelsea Da Paz. I have known Chelsea for 7 years. Chelsea has been a close friend that has become family. Chelsea informed me she wanted to apply to help mothers postpartum and I couldn’t think of a better role for her. I myself just had my first child in June of this year and Chelsea was there for me. Not only during normal hours of the day but in the early morning hours of breastfeeding struggles, when the whole house was sleeping, and it was just baby Connor me and tears.When I think of a supportive, honest, there for you through the worst and the best of times, I think of Chelsea Da Paz. She had me prepared with ice packs and peri-care baskets that I didn’t even know I would need.  She is an amazing mother and person. I have watched her through both of her pregnancies and postpartum periods and in that time, she has self-learned a wealth of knowledge that she is always willing to share. I know I was blessed to have Chelsea as a support person during my postpartum period and I hope she gets the opportunity to help others in the way she helped me.


Alex March2/18/2023I'm not sure I could have made it through my pregnancy and the baby prep period or the postpartum months without Chelsea's help. She curated my registry with me, advising me on the safest and most highly regarded products; when YouTube failed me, she taught me how to figure out baby carriers so I could wear my infant; and she answered hourly text messages and almost daily phone calls once I had my baby as I struggled with breastfeeding, pumping and postpartum anxiety. As a first time mom, I felt like Chelsea was my guiding light into parenthood. To this day, she still coaches me as I learn to parent a toddler. I am forever grateful to her for all that she has done for me — and continues to do — and I can't recommend her highly enough. 