DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
115 TESTIMONIALS

Colleen Myatt CD/PCD(DOÑA), CLC, PES, ICCE

Beautiful Births & Beyond LLC

Bethany, CT  Service range 60 miles  No ferries

203-435-6695

https://beautifulbirthsandbeyond.com

Birth Fee

$2700 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

Not specified

Availability Remarks: I also have “Digital Doula” services. That website: beautifulbirthsandbeyond.com

CONTACT COLLEEN VIEW COLLEEN'S AVAILABILITY

Melissa6/22/2023I always knew I wanted to have a doula for my first birth.  After reading numerous positive reviews and speaking to her I selected Colleen.  I'm very happy with my decision.  There is a lot of information to take in and Colleen helped me get ready for my birth.  Colleen is a wealth of knowledge and quickly responds to concerns.  She provides weekly video pre-natal and post partum groups that I attended frequently.  Colleen also offerred to take photos of my birth that are very semential to me.  As I look back at my birth experience I'm glad that Colleen was present with me.  


Lindsay Larson4/21/2023We loved working with Colleen! A big part of the reason we chose to work with her for the birth of our daughter were all the additional resources that she offered - the trainings and the opportunity to connect with other moms in the zoom support groups. As first time parents we learned a LOT during her 2 prenatal visits and the trainings that we took with her. And during the acutal birth, of course, Colleen was invaluable! We used a local birthing center so could not check in until I was 6 cm dilated. We were SO grateful that Colleen could meet us there since we arrived too early - we would have had no idea what to do on our own! Colleen walked around with us and guided me through contractions until the time came for us to be admitted. During the birth, she was a calming presence (I especially appreciated her continuous supply of gatorade to make sure I was staying hydrated, haha) and I'm pleased to say that all went well. Afterwards she stayed with us for a little over an hour, even spoon feeding me some dinner to be sure that I ate! Thank you Colleen!


Casey Hoffman4/20/2023Colleen has been my doula for two births now. I can't even begin to describe how incredibly helpful and supportive she was as I was experiencing my first pregnancy, birth and motherhood three years ago. She supported me on a mental, emotional and physical level, to the utmost way in thoughtfulness and caring, which was especially needed at the start of the pandemic. She knows so much about how to care for the woman, prepare her body for birth, calm her during delivery, and support her mentally in those first few months as challenges arise. My second birth was easier, and while I was more confident going into it, I still found new things came up this time around that I reached out to Colleen for advice on and as a a resource. Thankfully, it was a quicker birth, and this time around I followed her recommendations for moving my baby down. It was incredibly reassuring to have someone I trusted in the birthing room with me and along for the process. 


Renée Tessier-Nunley4/20/2023Besides Colleen being there for our birth itself, the thing that really sets her apart is the support and care she shows throughout the pregnancy and after birth. Colleen has set up support groups for pre and post birth moms, she is readily available for calls/texts/emails for answers for any questions, and I cannot imagine this experience without her. Highly recommended. And she's always busy so don't delay booking her up!


Cristina Poulos11/27/2022As a prenatal chiropractor, I worked with Colleen’s clients for about 8 years hearing them rave about her as their doula! When I got pregnant myself, I was excited to get to have her support myself! Even hearing all of these amazing things about her through the years, her support through my pregnancy, birth and postpartum completely surpassed my expectations. Because of my background, I have a special appreciation for her guidance and expertise in pelvic positioning, and I know her advice throughout pregnancy and hands-on help during my birth helped me have the beautiful, intervention-free birth I had envisioned for myself. I feel lucky and blessed that I had her help bringing my baby into the world, in the exact way I wanted, not an easy feat in a hospital setting! Her postpartum help has also been AMAZING - she makes herself available for questions through her postpartum groups with her other clients, and even visited us a couple of days after returning home from the hospital for a check-in. We also used her placenta encapsulation services, which was also great. As a person who has always been sensitive to hormonal changes in the past, I was nervous about the hormonal shifts after pregnancy. I took my placenta pills regularly, and my mood was completely stable through my entire postpartum time!


Amanda11/22/2022Colleen is a wonder. She came highly recommended via a family friend as I prepared for the arrival of my 3rd child and first home birth. Colleen is attentive, knowledgeable, organized, and wonderfully communicative.  Colleen was kind and supportive during my labor and allowed me the use of the most wonderful tens unit! I'm hugely thankful for her support before, during, and after my child's birth.


Rebecca Little11/2/2022Colleen was just what I needed after a traumatic first birth experience. When I found out I was pregnant with my second child I knew I needed an experienced doula in my journey to having a VBAC. Colleen came highly recommended by my midwife and after speaking to her once on the phone I knew she was the right fit for me. All throughout my pregnancy she was responsive, supportive, positive and reassuring - a calm steady hand. And during my lightening fast birth, she was the same. Her guidance, expertise, and support in all aspects of my pregnancy have made a huge impact on my life and I will forever be grateful. 


Katelyn11/2/2022I can't say enough good things about Colleen! She prepared me and my husband for the birth of our daughter and made us feel confident and prepared for the process. When I went into labor she was by my side coaching me and caring for me, I don't think the outcome would have been so positive without her support. My daughter is almost 8 months and Colleen still reaches out to offer support through the postpartum process. Her help is truly invaluable. We will definitely hire Colleen again! 


Summer11/1/2022 I highly recommend Colleen's services. She is professional, fun-loving, and kind.  She is knowledgeable and has the experience needed to provide top quality care. Colleen is the best Doula I could've hoped for. She's the Doula every woman deserves to have by her side. 


Jessica L8/12/2022I highly recommend Colleen as your next Doula. She is very knowledgeable, professional, easy going, caring and will truly prepare you through your pregnancy journey.  The value of information and network of women you get access to is amazing!


Katie Rowley3/24/2022Colleen was my doula for both of my births. I always knew that I wanted to birth with midwives, in a birth center, and that I wanted a doula. But then, COVID happened, and it was even more crucial to me that I had a doula. I knew that I wanted a doula because birth providers (OBs and midwives alike) can be attending multiple births at a time. And even if they aren't, they are there mainly for the medical aspect of the birth. They aren't necessarily going to be caring for you and coaching you through the birth. I wanted a natural birth but I wasn't 100% confident in my ability to accomplish that and knew that having a doula would greatly increase my odds. I'd always pictured my birth experience to include my husband actively participating, and my mom present. But then, COVID. My mom couldn't attend, only a doula and my husband. Colleen was the perfect fit. She 100% provided that motherly attention. Even before the big day she went above and beyond to provide support with her pre-natal support group and two pre-natal educational meetings 1:1. She was also always checking in on me and gave me so many resources to be ready physically and mentally for labor. Then when I was laboring she was the perfect support person - she had already shown my husband how he could support me and she was there to coach him how to be helpful. Without her I think I might have even had a hospital transfer the first time - she kept my husband and I calm by keeping us informed and reassured, knew when to bring the midwives in to assess, but also knew when to step in and suggest different positions to try when things were stalled to give me the best chance for a natural delivery without transfer. She provided the perfect motherly care and support without having my real mother there. She even spoon-fed me after my daughter was born! I had two succssful, comfortable, natural births during a global pandemic largely because of her wonderful care. She is who you want as your support person!


Christopher Adorno2/9/2022If you're in need of a doula, look no further! I highly recommend Colleen. She is a true professional with an array of knowledge. My wife and I had a home birth and wanted things to be as natural as possible and Colleen made our wishes feel heard. We were educated on various exercises/routines to prepare us for the big day. She was extremely supportive and very much hands on when I couldn’t be. I had just had hand surgery so I was not 100%, however, Colleen made sure there was no gaps in between my wife’s support team during labor. We felt very confident and secure having her here during labor. When we have a second child, we will definitely be hiring her again. She is a master at what she does and words cannot explain the value you’ll get when hiring Colleen. Thank you for helping us birth our baby princess Saige!


Carrie Khatri1/27/2022My husband and I loved working with  Colleen. We hired her to help us with the birth of our first child, and we're so glad we did. Colleen was very accessible throughout my pregnancy. Whether I reached out via text or joined her prenatal support group, she always had a lot of helpful knowledge to share. When it came to delivery, my husband and I agreed we couldn't have done it without her. I had a rather long labor, and Colleen was by my side the entire time, helping me through. I can thank her enough. I highly recommend Colleen and look forward to working with her in the future should I become pregnant again. 


Maria Stewart1/15/2022My husband and I took a childbirth education course with Colleen, as we are expecting our first child this month. Colleen's course provided us with a plethora of information about the stages of labor, coping mechanisms during labor, post-partum and more! What we enjoyed most about the course was how Colleen paired the information with her extensive experiences as a doula. She was able to provide context to many of the topics that were covered in the course. We also really enjoyed how she involved all participants, specifically the birth partners, by sharing tips for supporting a laboring person before, during, and after birth. Colleen is a wealth of knowledge and we highly recommend working with her to best prepare yourself for a healthy pregnancy, birth and beyond! 


Leslie12/14/2021I am so happy that I decided to have my placenta encapsulated after the birth of my second child, the difference in postpartum recovery was very noticeable between my first and second births. Colleen did an amazing job in preparing and beautifully packaging the capsules and even made a beautiful heart keepsake from the umbilical cord that was so touching to receive. The directions were well written and easy to follow. I noticed that I was less moody this time around and feel that the capsules aided in a steady milk supply. You can not go wrong with trusting Colleen she is amazing at what she does and you will feel great too! 


Martha Maloney12/8/2021Hiring Colleen was the best decision I've made and very likely changed my life! when I got pregnant for the 3rd time I knew I wanted to have a vaginal birth after 2 c-sections and knew I would need additional support.  Colleen helped me prepare my body and mind leading up to delivery. She is super responsive so any questions I had while pregnant. Colleen provided me with vital guidance leading up to my due date and helped me weigh some important decisions I had to make. As far as Colleen's support during labor, I can't say enough.  She was such a calm, educated, experienced presence for us in the delivery room. Her hands on support gave me a TON of relief during contractions. My labor ended up being about 36 hours and Colleen stayed with us the whole time. While hospital staff was patient and supportive of VBA2C, without Colleen there, I don't believe I would have been successful in delivering vaginally.  We will forever be so grateful for the experience we had with Colleen and her help bringing our baby into this world the way we wanted to!  if you are looking for physical, mental and emotional support with your pregnancy and labor, Colleen will give you that and more! 


Kelly Simpson12/7/2021As soon as my husband and I found out we were pregnant with my second baby, I knew I wanted to deliver naturally and as I gathered resources, getting the support from a doula was top on my list.  Colleen was highly recommended by my midwifery practice.  Right off the bat from my initial conversation with her I felt secure and a sense of relief that everything was going to be ok.  She far exceeded our expectations of having a confident, compassionate, supportive, informative and honest doula.  By the grace of God, our beautiful, healthy baby girl was born naturally, without intervention, even with shoulder dystocia.  Colleen was the one person I could trust during my prenatal and birthing experience and I leaned into that trust in her and God with every ounce of my being during the challenges that came with delivering a baby naturally with shoulder dystocia. Colleen is one of the most kind, loving, respectful, and knowledgeable people we have met.  Her wisdom provided us peace during our whole birthing process.  My husband and I love her and we can't imagine a birth without her there.  We are beyond grateful to have met her and she is absolutely an essential player in the prenatal, birthing, postpartum process!


Jennifer Feliciano11/14/2021Colleen was an incredible source of support and wisdom during my third pregnancy and second attempt for a VBAC. Even though we were long distance and only able to connect virtually, Colleen's guidance and words supported my mental and physical preparation as though she were right by my side. Responsive and attentive, Colleen tailored her advice and feedback for me as the position of the baby changed and as we approached the end of my pregnancy. She also provided overall pregnancy wellness and advice for me to do day to day to ensure a healthy and safe delivery and recovery. I couldn't have asked for more from her virtual support and she has my highest recommendation! 


Julia Rothman10/21/2021Hiring Colleen as my birth doula was a turning point in my first pregnancy. Before Colleen I felt scared to be pregnant in a new area away from family. Colleen helped me form my birth team. She recommended a Hypnobirthing class. As I “grew” she taught my husband how to help me elevate back pain. Colleen helped me find the confidence to birth my baby without drugs. During delivery, she didn’t leave my side, she held my hand and afterwards she made me food. Colleen took beautiful photos of the birth. She visited me the next day with my placenta already encapsulated. When I had trouble breastfeeding, she recommended my lactation consultant. When I had trouble adjusted to my new role as a mom, I reached out to Colleen and she recommended my perinatal therapist. I am pregnant again and I knew right away I wanted to work with Colleen. It feels so good simply to know I have the support of Colleen. 


Casey Minlionica10/6/2021I hired Colleen as my Doula about halfway through my pregnancy when I was doing research on Hypnobirthing techniques. I was referred to her by another professional in the field and had our first introduction over zoom (since this was in the midst of the pandemic). Colleen was so warm and caring off the bat, I had a very safe, comforting feeling with her and trusted her advice based on all of the experience she had. She was super accommodating through the pandemic , there were times my midwifery practice was requiring Covid testing weekly in the last few weeks of my pregnancy and Colleen was always able to provide what was needed to try and be present for my birth. Not only did Colleen give me tons of tools to utilize during my pregnancy, but she also ran a weekly call with her other clients which was super helpful to connect to other expecting moms. She was able to attend my birth and I wouldn’t have been able to do it without her. Afterwards she provided such great postpartum support as I severely suffered from baby blues the first 2 weeks. She was always available for questions or even just to chat. She held weekly postpartum calls as well which I also found really helpful. Colleen is incredible at what she does and I will definitely be using her again for my next pregnancy and birth! 


Brooke Fiorillo10/3/2021We cannot imagine either of our births without Colleen. She was instrumental in both births of our sons. For our first birth my husband was on board with a doula because he was supportive of what I wanted, but for our next birth he was adamant we get Colleen again, no questions! Colleen prepared us with knowledge to take control of the birth process with confidence that allowed us to have the best experience possible. Not only was she there for support and to help push things along smoothly on the big day, but she worked with me throughout pregnancy so I was prepared both mentally and physically. She was always available for any questions I had and is very knowledgable on everything pregnancy and birth related. Her exercises, food and tea recommendations truly prepared me for labor. During labor she was a huge motivator. Her words of encouragement kept me going and she was supportive in ways that my husband just couldn't be. It actually took a lot of pressure off him! My number one recommendation to pregnant women is to hire a doula, specifically Colleen. We are so grateful for our experience with her and to have her in our life!


Stacie Martinez6/6/2021When my husband and I found out we were pregnant, we felt uninformed about the birthing process. We have heard of unmedicated births and wanted to learn more about our options. We contacted Colleen for support after she came recommended from a friend.  Upon meeting Colleen, we felt a sense of comfort and empowerment.  She guided us in four ways.  The first was to set a foundation to prepare us for birth.  She introduced us to Evidence Based Births, Hypnobirthing, Spinning Babies, and other approaches. She met with us to understand goals, teach techniques, and baby basics class. Second, Colleen supported my emotional needs.  I am anxious and seek feelings of security in my experiences. My trust and confidence in Colleen only grew. She was always accessible to answer questions or provide reassurance. I love her pre and postnatal groups she provides! Third, Colleen helped make the labor and delivery of our daughter what we imagined. She was in contact with my husband from the beginning of my labor to guide us. When she arrived, my husband said I bolted straight for her! We were both more relaxed and comfortable knowing Colleen was there. She is highly knowledgeable about techniques to help women deliver without an epidural. She helped us advocate for the experience we envisioned. I genuinely believe I may not have been successful in my goal of an unmedicated birth without Colleen. Finally, Colleen supported us after birth.  She visited to debrief the experience. I almost gave up on breastfeeding more times than I can count. Colleen made me feel like whatever decision I chose was OK and provided encouragement to continue (still breastfeeding!). I can say that I appreciate Colleen more than she will ever know!  While I have known Colleen for about a year, I feel as though I will have a connection with her for life! If my husband and I have more children, there is not doubt Colleen will be present for their births as well.


Jennifer Terrill5/27/2021As first time parents, my husband and I were looking into the best possible resources for pregnancy, childbirth and postpartum care. Colleen was recommended by a friend who also used her doula services. We are virtual clients given living out of state. The tools, knowledge and care she provided was absolutely crucial to bringing our first child into the world. Her guidance during pregnancy helped me feel more supported and prepared to achieve the birth plan I chose for our family. Her continued support postpartum has been essential for my healing and success with breast feeding. I would highly recommend her for anyone in search of a doula!


Alyssa Goldberg5/26/2021During labor, Colleen was the best physical and emotional support! Not only was her physical touch extremely helpful during labor, but she helped create the calm birthing environment I had envisioned. She also helped my husband understand how to be supportive as well.The best part about working with Colleen is that her support extends farther than just the birthing room. I have been working with Colleen since the first trimester and most importantly she stays connected with you postpartum. She's been working with me and answering any questions I may have about myself and the baby. Going through the entire pregnancy, birth and postpartum experience with Colleen helped keep me grounded, informed and at peace. If we're fortunate enough to have more children, we are definitely going to use Colleen again and I recommend her to anyone having a baby.  


Elaine3/24/2021Having a doula, is in my opinion, essential to the birthing process. Colleen is knowledgable, calm and confident about the birth experience which is incredibly helpful in the throes of labor. Her experience has provided her with so many connections with the hospitals, doctors and midwives which also made the process more seamless and easily communicated. She provides much information and support during the pre-birth months as well to keep you on track for delivery. And, her follow-ups postpartum were meaningful and so, so helpful. 


Kaitlyn Kimball3/18/2021Colleen encapsulated my placenta for me after my first birth. She made the process and pick up very easy and efficient for us by meeting us at the hospital and dropping the pills and other items off at our house. This is my first pregnancy and the first 5 weeks of my postpartum period have been positive and healthy. The placenta pills have helped me! Thank you for providing this service! 


Jessica3/17/2021       Colleen was extremely helpful when I met her the last few weeks of my pregnancy.  We did everything remote since I live in NJ.  I'm so grateful to have had her as a support at the end of a stressful pregnancy.   She provided valuable information and was so knowledgeable.  I would recommend her to anyone.  She's truly awesome!


Samantha3/9/2021Colleen was absolutely wonderful. She was very supportive and helpful throughout the pregnancy. Providing informational materials, answering questions that came up and hosting pregnancy support groups through zoom with her clients. She offered a childcare course which we took and it helped tremendously in teaching and preparing us for bringing baby home(changing diapers, swaddling, car seats, infant Cpr and more). During labor she came late at night to help us get through it all. She was with us every step of the way up through our baby arriving. It was a long labor and so helpful having her there supporting my husband and I. 


Heather Susman1/7/2021This is the second time we used Colleen as our doula because we couldn’t imagine another birth without her by my side.  She is truly the best! Throughout my pregnancy with Baby #2, Colleen was extremely attentive by checking in often to see how I was feeling, both physically and mentally.  She also has offered me helpful advice throughout the process.  Colleen understood how emotional pregnancy can be and eased all of my worries. When I was at the hospital, Colleen stayed with me for the whole duration of my labor and delivery. When I first got to the hospital I was only three centimeters dilated. Colleen gave me helpful suggestions and showed me exercises on how to speed up my dilation. She also gave me massages with lavender oil, which helped relax me in labor. When I was pushing she was instructing me on different positions and doing rebozo exercises with me to help me get the baby out. There were moments when I didn’t feel that I could continue to push and wanted to give up. Colleen was my personal cheerleader and helped motivate me to successfully push my daughter out. Thanks to Colleen I didn’t need any interventions and got the natural birth that I wanted. More importantly, I gave birth to a beautiful and healthy baby girl.  Colleen wasn’t just my doula, but also became my friend. I trust her and feel that I can confide in her about anything.  My husband loves Colleen as well and has joked around that I trusted Colleen more than him during my labor and delivery (which is true..haha). Without any hesitation, we both highly recommend Colleen and her doula services. 


Casey10/9/2020I can't express enough how important of a role Colleen has played in my life since I decided to have a doula for my first birth and she was recommended to me a year ago. Colleen goes above and beyond for her clients, and hold each one near and dear with ongoing care leading up to, during and after the birth. During Covid, she gave up hours of her own time each week to start Zoom sessions for "pre-natal groups" and also "post natal groups" which were massively valuable to all of us. It was a hard time and for her to align us and open a forum to speak and relate to other women about what we were going through, has been invaluable. The key word for Colleen is SUPPORT. She is there for you across your whole journey. She says that she will always be your doula, and she carries through with that promise, acting more like a friend along your journey, align with being a trusted advisor. Colleen is full of love and she wants the best for each of her clients, supporting us on physical, mental, family, and personal levels. I could write a whole chapter on how amazing Colleen has been during this process, but I recommend you hire her to find out yourself. She makes your birth an amazing experience. I was scared, and Colleen was there to answer all my questions. It was long birth and she was physically there with me for over 30 hours pending her support, guidance and compassion. She started out a stranger and quickly earned my trust. Everyone I have met through her has also had incredibly wonderful experiences!


Vicki10/4/2020Colleen was an incredible support during my home birth. She is extremely knowledgeable and made both my husband and me feel secure and calm. She helped me every step of the way - whether it was suggesting a new position or just rubbing my back and reassuring me that things were going great. Colleen was also so helpful postpartum, especially in the early days to establish breastfeeding. I recommend Colleen to any expecting woman, her incredible knowledge and compassion can support ANY journey!


Carine9/28/2020Colleen was an invaluable member of our birth team.  She was there for all of our questions and concerns before, during, and after the birth of our daughter.  Colleen has always answered our questions efficiently and thoroughly and continues to do so to this day (8 months later!).  She's extremely knowledgeable and reliable and it's comforting knowing she there for us when something comes up.  Colleen was the first person to arrive when I went into labor and she was the last to leave after Bella was born.  She got me through what felt like an impossible journey and I'm eternally grateful to her for her wisdom and guidance. 


Tanya9/27/2020We've been so blessed to have Colleen as our doula for the birth of our first child! She's been a tremendous help from the moment we met her till now - 4 months postpartum! Not only Colleen has guided us all way through the pregnancy and birth but she also played a key role in WHERE I delivered my baby. I had an amazing birth experience and even though due to COVID she wasn't able to physically be present during labor and delivery, she had equipped me and my husband with knowledge and confidence to get through the toughest times with no stress or anxiety. Collen goes far beyond just being your doula - she is like your guiding angel who is always there when you need her - and I am so grateful for that! Colleen created weekly prenatal and postpartum video groups where mothers get to meet each other and share their experiences and tips. I made friends through these groups that are helping me now as a new mom.Colleen is very knowledgable, professional, friendly, and kind. I would recommend her to any expecting mom in a blink of an eye. She's been a blessing to our family and I hope she will become one for yours as well.


Tina9/26/2020Colleen was a great fit for me and my husband because it was very important to us to have a low intervention birth and to have a Doula who was familiar with hypnobirthing, as well as fetal positioning and Rebozo work.During my pregnancy she was always only a text or phone call away to answer any and all of our questions and concerns. When I tested group step B positive she referred to us many resources to help us educate ourselves and make an informed decision. Additionally, Colleen started a post-partum support group for her clients to help new moms cope with the pandemic and motherhood.When the situation arose that another one of Colleen’s clients was going into labor at the same time as me, Colleen was totally prepared with her back up doula at the ready.  In the end due to timing, Colleen was able to attend BOTH births like the superdoula that she is and the back up was not needed!With Colleen’s help I did achieve the low intervention birth I wanted. I had terrible sciatica throughout my third trimester and it made it difficult to push in the position I desired so I ended up pushing on my back (not the “ideal” position or how I had pictured my birth) but again, Colleen was ready with what I can only call an “elastic pulley with handles” to help me using my whole body to push.My husband and I went back and forth on whether we should have a doula attend the birth of our daughter and waited on hiring Colleen until my third trimester. We both wish we had signed up from the beginning and will be sure to use her in the future as we hopefully continue to grow our family. To this day when asked for advice from soon to be parents our best advice is  “Get Colleen as your doula, don’t think about, just do it! It will be the best decision you have ever made!”  


Gina Garzon9/25/2020We commenced working with Colleen when I was 32 weeks with my first child. She was extremely helpful as we prepared for the birth of our daughter, during the labor and delivery, and postpartum. We wanted to have an unmedicated birth in the hospital. During labor Colleen played relaxing music and suggested various positions that were extremely helpful. Postpartum Colleen came to our house to see how we were doing. She also holds weekly postpartum zoom chats, which I have found helpful because you meet moms within the same age group. We loved working with Colleen and hope to work with her again on the future. I highly recommend Colleen to anyone looking for a doula.  


Tracy Coulson7/21/2020I planned for a natural birth and I had read about how doulas could help you to remain relaxed, suggest alternative positioning to make for a smoother delivery, and would be there to support you in making decisions. Given we live 45 mins from where I would deliver, I also wanted someone knowledgeable to help us decide when the right time would be to change locations.Colleen was recommended to us through a Hypnobirthing class and in addition to the above, she also brought a tremendous amount of knowledge and research, recommendations on how to prepare your body (exercise, stretch, and diet), reiki, fetal positioning, as well as post-birth lactation, placenta encapsulation, and recovery support. Through her large network of clients, she also facilitates prenatal and postpartum groups.From our first meeting, we knew we had found a trusted partner. Colleen brings a calm energy to the room and helped me to feel empowered to follow my birth plan. She was a constant point of contact for my many questions as a soon to be first-time mom, and helped my husband to prepare on how best to support me and our child.In addition to the information and articles she provided, the prenatal group helped to connect me with women who were going through the same things, which was so helpful and cathartic. Now in the postpartum group, I’m so happy to have the sounding board and a weekly check-in that I very much look forward to!While I know I’m the exception rather than the rule, Colleen helped me to speed through the toughest and most rewarding 4 hours of my life. I truly believe that the preparation she provided on the day of and in the months beforehand allowed me to have a natural, successful, and SHORT labor and delivery!I would highly recommend her to moms looking for someone you can rely on to give you honest and research-supported recommendations and help you to tackle the challenges to have a great birthing experience!


Lauren Hurd2/24/2020Colleen is amazing! She provided great support leading up to and throughout the birth of our daughter. She helped us navigate the stages of labor as it progressed and gave me and my husband gentle guidance and encouragement. It was a busy night at the hospital and the staff was stretched thin, so having her there with us was critical, especially as first time parents not knowing what was going on. She was a source of knowledge and a calming presence and we both wholeheartedly agreed that hiring her was the absolute best decision we made while preparing to welcome our baby. Colleen was also a gem in the days and weeks postpartum. She checked in on me regularly and made suggestions for ways to troubleshoot issues I was having with breastfeeding. She really cares about fostering a happy, healthy experience for mom and baby, which is evident in her work with clients.


Alexis Walls2/20/2020I had the pleasure of working with Colleen for the delivery of my first child.  I had met several other doulas (in Manhattan, Fairfield County, and Westchester County) for in-person interviews.  The majority seemed competent and passionate about their work, but it was only after meeting Colleen that I felt I had found someone who I wanted to accompany me and my husband on delivery day.  While being a very calm and warm person who immediately felt "motherly" to me, she exuded confidence, focus, and decisiveness, and I knew she would work well with both me and my husband.  I hired Colleen early in my second trimester, and in addition to her two pre-delivery visits that were wonderful, she was very responsive to any questions I had throughout my pregnancy.  She referred me to a wealth of evidence-based articles, daily relaxation exercises, online pregnancy workouts, and a chiropractor, all of which were essential in helping me to have a very healthy pregnancy while commuting into Manhattan and working long hours up until days before delivery.My labor started with my water breaking around 2am, and it was Colleen that I texted in the middle of the night, more than 12 hours before I made the call to my OB's office.  Colleen coached me and my husband through early contractions over the phone; she knew when it was time to come to my home, and then when it was time to head to the hospital.  Just as I had hoped, I was able to labor mostly at home, arriving at the hospital just in time to push.  Had I wanted to go to the hospital sooner, or wanted an epidural, or needed a C-section, I know Colleen would have been supportive as she truly respects your intuition as to what is right.  I felt very safe working with her, and she is well-respected at Greenwich Hospital, which is where I gave birth.  She also continued to be a wonderful resource to me post-partum.  I recommend her most highly!


Radika Tikem2/10/2020I had my homebirth with Colleen! It was the best experience I've ever had in my life... she was super helpful the entire journey! So much good and important information from her beautiful births links. I'm recommending her to all my pregnant friends ??Thanks for being with me, supporting and understanding me like we know each other for years. Not your client, but your friend Radika??


Rachel K2/7/2020It was rather late in my pregnancy when my husband and I decided we wanted to hire a Doula. We met Colleen at a Childcare class at Hypnobirthing in Westport and knew that she was the one. I never even had to interview her. Her passion and love for what she does just emanated from her. She had one available spot in December and I couldn’t hire her quick enough. Colleen always had complete respect for birthing plan. She never tried to convince me otherwise she just helped me to be completely informed with all decision making. When she visited our house she showed genuine interest and compassion towards our family and even our pets. Her extra touches like her reiki sessions and beautiful gifts just made me love her more and more. She answered ever text message I sent with all my crazy questions. She even helped me make an amazing bone broth for my delivery. As far as the my daughter’s birth she came prepared and created a setting that was tuned exactly towards my needs. She facilitated the bond between my husband and I and intervened only when she found it necessary. She knew me so well just within the few times of meeting. She visited us after we were home and directed me toward wonderful lactation support. She has also helped me to find postpartum care. Even though I hired her as our Doula she became my friend and I am forever grateful to her for supporting the most incredible moment of my life. I was so inspired by her that I am now training to become a Doula too. I hope I can make even one women feel as amazing and important as she did for me.


Megan D.1/30/2020I am so thankful I found Colleen.  I moved to a new city 36 weeks into my pregnancy. In just four weeks, Colleen taught me how to prepare my body for birth through nutrition and exercise.  She also provided me with resources to learn about evidenced-based birth practices.  This is extremely important, because not all (usually outdated) hospital policies and procedures are necessary and some can even drastically increase your risk for c section.  Colleen absolutely helped to control my pain and helped my labor progress through pushing positions I never would have found on my own.  She also taught my husband all of the above things so he could support me through my pregnancy and take an active role during labor.  After my perfect baby was born, she continues to be a resource to me as I learn to be a mom.  Colleen is an EXPERT.   I will forever refer every pregnant woman I know to her . 


Jamie Morvitz1/13/2020Colleen gave my husband and I a lot of resources to look through and watch before my baby was born.  It was helpful though I would have liked more sessions with Colleen to discuss the information.  I liked that she gave me exercises to do and recommended vitamins to take to help prepare my body more for birth.  I like being proactive and she certainly helped with that.  She did a quick CPR/heimlich training for my husband and I and although we want to do it again at our pediatrician's office it was good to get an initial view of it.  She answered any questions I had and was always on call so I could text her any questions I had.  When I was in labor my husband and I liked that she knew different positions to help me be in and get me in to move things along.  She was also just helpful as she knew things to do in general so that my husband didn't feel as flustered or helpless, not knowing what I needed.  Although I ended up needing a C section she stayed with us the whole time, was non-judgemental, and made me feel cared for.  Having her, my husband, and my mom in the room might have seemed like a lot at first but was actually good because everyone could take turns helping, resting, and letting the rest of my family know what was going on via text.  I did wish she had been able to teach me some meditating or ways to deal with the pain a bit better but I guess that wasn't really her specialty. Overall, I'm glad we had her helping us through labor and delivery.


Kate Novacj1/1/2020Since this was the birth of our first child, we desired an experienced Doula to support us in our process. We were planning a natural,  home birth with midwives and felt a Doula would complete the team.My partner and I looked on the Ct Doula collective website and found many competent Doulas to choose from... after interviewing a couple we decided upon Colleen.With over 250+ births of experience we choose Colleen because of her grounded energy and expertise.She has many certifications and skills including being a “Spinning Babies” instructor which was one of the reasons we choose her. Her emphasis on fetal positioning helped us a great deal as we prepared for birth and during labor.She is easy to contact, organized, available to answer any questions that come up along the way and offers a lot of resources. Colleen is very present, easy to be with, was helpful and a solid support during labor. She has much wisdom and many tricks to help navigate the waves of birthing a baby.If you are looking for a Doula we  highly recommend Colleen. 


Leah Brown11/19/2019I came to Colleen at 39 weeks after I unexpectedly changed providers and my birth plan. I had been planning on having a VBAC at home, but decided to move to a birth center when I tested positive for GBS. Given the change was so close to my due date, I wanted to find a doula who was familiar with the center at Yale, so they could help me navigate this new plan. Everyone I spoke to told me to contact Colleen, and I will be forever grateful to them. Colleen was remarkable. She was intuitive, caring and empowering throughout my birth. Every step of the way she offered exactly what I didn't know I needed. She helped me achieve my VBAC and my 9 lb 5 oz son, was born with no interventions. She will never know the gift she gave to me that day. 


Lydia Ciollo11/19/2019My birth experiences would not have been what they were without Colleen.  During both of my pregnancies, Colleen was a constant source of support and wisdom; she was also never judgmental, making me feel as though the decisions I made were my own and simply providing various avenues to pursue.  During my first birth she helped me to feel calm and focused even as my pushing extended to three hours.  During my second birth, it was she that read the signs correctly and got me into the car as soon as possible, knowing that my baby would be delivered imminently (which she was).  She is also an expert at fetal positioning, which can feel like the most uncontrollable element of the later stages of pregnancy.In other words, I cannot recommend Colleen highly enough.  I left each birth feeling empowered, cared for, and informed due in great part to her.


Marie-Laure Kugel9/18/2019Words fail to express how grateful I am for Colleen and how much she means to me and my husband. Hiring her as my birth doula was by far the best decision I made during my pregnancy. We interviewed several doulas before hiring her and we knew from the moment we met her that she was the one.From the minute we started working with her and all throughout the pregnancy, labor, and postpartum times, Colleen was there to support us and ready to share her immense knowledge and useful contacts with us. The two sessions she offers at 30 and 36 weeks were incredibly helpful as they included tips and techniques to get my body ready for labor, ensure optimal fetal positioning and keep me comfortable during the last weeks of my pregnancy. She also taught us so many things about breastfeeding and infant care, including infant CPR, and the notion of informed consent.She is a wealth of knowledge and her passion for her work is obvious. On the day labor started, she stayed in constant touch with me until we told her that we were ready for her to come over. I felt such a relief the moment I saw her at the maternity ward. I knew I was in caring and professional hands and that she would be an advocate for me. My plans to have an unmedicated birth fell through but she helped me and my husband remain calm and made sure to create a quiet and peaceful environment for the birth of my baby. My labor was long and difficult but she worked so hard to make sure I was as comfortable as could be. I honestly don’t know how I would have gone through it without her. She was my rock during the hardest and most beautiful day of my life and for that, I will always consider her part of our family.


Pilar8/22/2019Let me start by saying that Colleen has a special place in our family’s heart. We feel blessed to have had her as our Doula.Thanks to her support, guidance, and kindness, I felt calm and confident during my pregnancy. Colleen taught me exercises to help with my baby’s positioning for birth, and they worked!Before getting her services, I was really nervous about my labor, but that changed. When we got to that day, Colleen was by my side, answering all questions, taking care of me, and explaining the situation. She was my rock! Thanks to Colleen, I had a positive birthing experience. One of the things I valued the most is that Colleen gives evidence-based advice and recommendations.And not only that but her support after my baby was born in Spring was huge! I really appreciated that she was following up with me, available for any questions and sharing resources that were helpful for my postpartum.I highly recommend Colleen, she has a special gift, and I feel any family would be lucky to have her as their Doula.


Sarah8/22/2019Colleen was excellent and supportive during my pregnancy and after.  She provided me with excellent advice and let me know all of my alternatives, but never pressured me to take a particular one or judged my choices.  She was also extremely helpful with my first breastfeeding sessions.


Anna Glennon6/10/2019I loved having Colleen support our birth during pregnancy, during birth and postpartum. She is incredibly knowledgeable and supportive. She helped me decide what was right for me and my baby by providing all the options and giving me opportunities to do my own research without trying to sway me one way or another. I was so thankful to have her in the room during our daughters birth. It made me feel like I knew what was happening every step of the way and that I was heard and cared for. 


Carolyn6/3/2019I hired Colleen as a gift to my sister.  I am a former labor and birth nurse and know how important it is to have the right support when giving birth. I have personally seen how the wrong support can leave moms with a lifetime of regrets.  Having had both good and bad experiences with doulas, I knew exactly what qualities to look for in a doula and which ones to avoid.My sister wanted me there for her birth and even asked me to be her doula.  Although I knew I would definitely be there, I was hesitant to be "the doula" because I knew it would require that I remained cool, calm and collected.  Births are an emotional rollercoaster and this time I was going to be one of the riders. It turned out I was an emotional mess, in no state to play the role of the objective, professional doula. Hiring Colleen ended up being the best gift I could've given myself as well as my sister.  Colleen was the perfect mix of strong, gentile, smart, and professional. She had an endless amount of energy and tricks up her sleeve for what ended up being a long and difficult birth.  With her supportive, non-judgemental disposition, Colleen helped my sister find strength, endourance, and focus she didn't know she had.  Watching Colleen help my sister relax though her surges was a beautiful, magical experience.  Both my sister and her husband tell me often, how thankful they are that they had such an amazing doula for the birth of thier first child.  We highly recommend Colleen!!!


Amanda Moitoso6/3/2019Colleen is an fantastic doula. I was lucky enough to have her for both of my children's births. She is very passionate about what she does, and gives excellent advice but never in a pushy way. She works with what you're comfortable with doing or not doing. When my labor was taking FOREVER to get going, she stayed with us all day and recommended we break my waters and BOOM the baby arrived. She was also so supportive during that incredibly fast labor :) She's like our family, and I couldn't imagine not having her there with us :)  


Victoria and Keith4/4/2019We cannot say enough about everything Colleen did and continues to do for us. We decided to partner with Colleen after attending her Fetal Positioning class. From the start, we felt completely connected and comfortable with Colleen. Besides providing fact-based information on birth, she prepared us emotionally and physically for the birth. She listened to our concerns and questions and provided answers or directed us to the information. For example, we expressed concern about our Provider and Birth Facility. She offered a few referrals and suggestions. With her support, in week 36 we made a Provider and Birthing Facility change, which can be daunting. But we felt 100% confident in our decision and it was the best decision we made as our birth experience was almost exactly as we planned. The entire birth process was a beautiful and spiritual experience and Colleen was a major factor in us achieving the birth we envisioned. Her prenatal guidance, relaxation techniques, and emotional support facilitated a relatively short birth process. During birth, we consulted with Colleen on medical questions and she made sure we had all the information to make informed decisions and she supported and respected each decision we made.  She provided a quiet relaxed atmosphere and when she sensed discomfort in Vicky, she provided soothing massages, rebozo movements and positioning techniques to facilitate labor progression and other techniques for comfort. She seemed to intuitively know what Vicky needed in each moment. She was also extremely respectful of my needs (as a Companion) and allowing Vicky and I to intimately experience the birth process as partners. And she continues to provide postpartum support and answers our questions. It is difficult to put into words how much Colleen’s knowledge, guidance, and overall support means to us. She was an integral part of our beautiful birth. Not only is she our Doula, but is now a friend and forever part of the family.


Jennifer Panoli2/28/2019Colleen was my doula for the birth of my 2nd child. It’s hard to express the gratitude I have for Colleen and her support throughout all stages of my pregnancy, birth, and postpartum period. I was looking for a doula that not only offered a strong knowledge of birth, but was also caring, genuine, and warm. With Colleen, all of my requirements were met, and then some. I felt an immediate connection and from our first meeting I knew she was highly qualified and passionate. Throughout the prenatal period she helped prepare me physically and mentally for the birth I hoped for. She was knowledgeable, came with lots of resources, and her evidence-based approach was very helpful. She eased my nerves and helped me to get over some mental hurdles and anxiety I had leading up to the birth. When it came to the actual birth, Colleen arrived at the hospital ready for action. She didn’t miss a beat and jumped right in--she came in with just the right amount of charge that gave me a sense of calm. I knew I was in good hands with Colleen around. One of my favorite things about Colleen’s approach was how she quickly turned a bright, overwhelming hospital room into a calm, peaceful space by turning on soothing blue light and tranquil music. She offered physical support through massage and helped position me so I was as comfortable as possible. She never left my side and helped me to remain focused, especially when I progressed very quickly and the intensity increased exponentially. Additionally, Colleen offered support to my husband by giving him pointers on how he could best support me. In the postpartum period, Colleen checked in to see how we were doing, even months later. The postpartum check-ins helped take the whole experience full circle and made me feel important, heard, and cared for. My decision to work with Colleen was no doubt the best one! She was essential to my positive birth experience and I will forever be thankful for her.


Celena Mangelli12/14/2018Colleen is amazing, and I feel blessed to have her as my doula. I first contacted Colleen when I was around 25 weeks pregnant. We discussed my birth plan and my current practitioner. I wasn’t happy with my Obgyn but wasn’t motivated to change. Colleen helped me to ask questions of my obgyn that made me realize that I needed to change. She helped me connect with the Yale Midwifery and I couldn’t be happier that I made the switch. Colleen has been with me every step of the way. Offering so much advice, suggestions and support. She’s an invaluable resource. She gave me articles and links to help me through my pregnancy journey. She also came to our home to show us different positions and exercises to prepare for labor and during labor. When I first reached out, she did inform me that she had a spinning babies conference the weekend of my due date and if I went into labor she did have a backup for me. Of course I went into labor early Saturday morning. Even though she was at the conference she stayed in touch with me the entire time. She texted both me and my husband and she put us in contact with her backup. After the birth of our daughter Colleen came to our house for a post partum checkup and to give me my placenta encapsulation pills. I was skeptical about the pills but figured they couldnt hurt. I was living off less than 3 hours sleep a day, and didn’t have any caffeine. These pills gave me the energy to get through the day and I believe helped me to heal faster. Her post part in support was also amazing. She helped show me a better technique and schedule for breastfeeding. I can state with 100% honesty that could not have had my natural vaginal birth if it wasn’t for the prep and planning Colleen had me do. I’m forever grateful for her support, guidance and care. I’m so happy she is my doula and so blessed to have met her.


Erin Dake11/26/2018From the first time I spoke with Colleen on the phone, I knew she would be a perfect choice as our birth doula. Her attentiveness and consideration during that first conversation proved to me that she would be a strong support during our pregnancy and birth journey. Having hired her for our second child's birth, I felt a little more prepared (as much as you can be!) going forward in this birthing process. However, I really felt the desire to have a doula by my side this time around. Upon meeting Colleen for the first time I felt I had known her for many years! She was kind, funny, helpful and made me feel very much at ease when discussing our desires for our birth. She provided many helpful tips, links and stretches for a smooth and comfortable preganancy and I felt very reasurred that she was only a phone call away. And she always picked up her phone right away! Or repsonded to a text promptly!! Which I thought was very impressive!!! Our birth went very smoothly and she provided an incredible atmosphere for my partner and I. It was great to have a postpartum visit as well and frequent check-ins the weeks following our sons arrival. I felt Colleen truly cares!!! She is wonderful and I can't say enough about how she made this birth process amazing for our whole family. I would definately recommend her services!! She is wonderful.


ERIN MURPHY10/22/2018I was very lucky to have Colleen support me as a doula for two births. She is incredibly knowledgable and helpful both throughout pregnancy and labor. Her love for supporting women in birth is evident in all that she does. She was supportive of the choices I made and helped educate me on all the options. Throughout labor, Colleen used comfort measures and words of encouragment that helped me get through the hardest parts. She is amazing and I can't imagine birthing without her!


Erin Dolan10/2/2018If you are looking to have a doula at your birth look no further Colleen Myatt is the right choice for you! From the moment I met her I knew she was the person I wanted by my side in the most unknown experience of my life. Colleen has a great depth of knowledge in many areas that are entwined in prenatal, pregnancy, birth and postpartum. She is very informative and shares information freely with her clients. She is able to establish a relationship with partners and soon to be birthing mothers; she was inclusive to my partne and creates a comfortable atmosphere for everyone to build a comfort level and sense of team prior to the birth.  I was able to carry out my birth plan, Ihad a natural birth at the hospital, Colleen has an ability to not interfere with doctors and nurses and manages to become part of the team.  I felt  only her encouraging presence by my side while the medical team seemed to respect her space as well and work in harmony with her for the well being of my baby and me.   I look forward to having Colleen at the birth of my next child and would highly recommend her to all pregnant mothers.


Devan King8/13/2018I employed Colleen as my doula to assist with the labor of my second child.  I did not have a doula for the labor and delivery of my first child and had a very negative experience.  Thanks to Colleen, the birth of my second child was such a positive experience and one that I will always remember fondly.Colleen came and met with me prior to the due date to go over sleep positions, exercise, supplements, and infant CPR/choking instruction.  She made sure my husband and I knew what to expect, and had all the information we needed prior to my due date.  In addition, she went out of her way to be incredibly responsive and supportive in the weeks leading up to my due date, answering additional questions I had along the way.When I was in labor, Colleen was so supportive and knowledgeable.  Her calm and confident presence gave me the peace of mind I needed to have a positive birth experience.  My baby was in an unfavorable position for birth and Colleen coached me through different labor positions to shift him, with positive results.  Her methods were so successful, we were able to labor entirely at home and arrive at the hospital just in time for birth.  At the hospital, we had the misfortune of having an unreasonably rude nurse.  Colleen was essential in responding to the outrageous comments from nursing staff so that I did not become agitated or lose my focus in the final stages of labor.Post partum, Colleen assisted with having the nursing staff give me my baby for skin to skin and helped to get baby to latch.  She later came by the house to make sure all was progressing well and to answer any final questions.I ended up having some post partum health concerns and Colleen was still an asset to me, providing support and advice.I highly recommend Colleen as a doula and look forward to using her services again.


Desirae Whittle7/17/2018Colleen was my doula for the birth of my daughter. From the moment I hired her, she made herself available to me, and made me feel like I was a friend. I knew I could always ask her anything, and if she didn't already know the answer to my question, she had the resources to find out. She has a wealth of knowledge and experience, as she has seen many things and attended many births and I felt safe with her. During my pregnancy, which ended up having many complications, she kept a positive outlook. In the end, my birth did not turn out as I hoped, but being able to still have Colleen there when it was decided I would have a ceserean was beyone benefitial because I was very afraid to have the ceserean. It was never in my mind that could happen, and I was grateful for calming presence in the room while I was prepped for surgery, and to have her waiting there when we came back in with our healhty daughter.Thank you, Colleen, for being a wonderful source of emotional, informational and physical support throughout my pregnancy, labor and deliver, and well into my postpartum period.


Lindsay Weisenthal7/17/2018I thought I was hiring Colleen to guide me through just the delivery of my son and what I got was guidance throughout my entire pregnancy. I had a high risk pregnancy with a lot of tough decisions to make and a lot of challenging senstaions to navigate and I can honestly say I have no clue how I would have had the positve birth experience to remember forever without Colleen. I did end up having a C section despite all of the practice and planning for otherwise and becuase of Colleens precense throughout my pregnancy and the C section it was without a doubt the spirtiual and beautiful memory I had dreamed of creating. Even thoug nothing went to plan I got exactly what I wanted and Colleen was a huge facilitator for one of the most important and challenging times in my life. If you met Colleen at her fetal positoning class like I did and had a little gut feeling you should talk to her... follow that inner nudge. She is full of wisdom, resource and goes the distance with you!


Kira Krauss7/16/2018Hiring Colleen was one of, if not the best descision I made during my pregnancy! I was referred to Colleen via a trusted holistic network in Fairfield county. I had never considered a doula, but after hearing number of positive testimonials through a class I took in my second trimester, I knew I had to work with her as this was my first pregnancy and I had no idea what to expect. Colleen spent ample time up front getting to know my husband and I through home visits and was always available over the phone when I had a question or needed her. The end of my pregnancy was particularly challenging with a few ”false alarms” and Colleen was always there for support and always kept my best interests at heart. When my husband and I reflect on the birth of our daughter, we cant imagine what it would have been like without Colleen present. Every step of the way, she knew exactly what to do to keep me comfortable as I had opted for a natural, epidural free birth. From her magical lavender oils to moving me from position to position, she gave me peace of mind and always made sure I was tended to. Colleen, thank you for such an amazing experience both pre and post partum! Rob and I are so grateful for everything you’ve done for us! To those of you who are considering working with doula, it was hands down worth every penny. You will be in amazing hands with Colleen!


Kristin Barendregt4/30/2018Colleen came highly recommended by our midwife practice and I'm so glad we found her!  As first time parents, working with Colleen gave us confidence during every stage - pregnancy, delivery, and postpartum. From the beginning we appreciated her personalized approach and responsive communication. Throughout my very long labor Colleen was an unflagging, warm, and knowledgable partner when we needed it most.  I was particularly grateful for her deep experience in techniques to support optimal fetal positioning as well as managing pain. Additionally, she worked seamlessly with the midwives and my husband so I felt the whole team supporting me. We are so grateful for her!


Heather Susman4/19/2018I learned about the doula profession in my hypnobirthing course as my husband, Ben and I were preparing for our first child. My hypnobirthing instructor, Cynthia, highly recommended using a doula and thought very highly of Colleen. At first, my husband and I were hesitant about using a doula, but after a few family members decided to overstep their boundaries about the birthing process we decided to give Colleen a call. All we have to say is that one of my biggest regrets during my pregnancy is that Ben and I did not contact Colleen sooner. Colleen completely put my worries and fears about the delivery at ease. She is so easy to talk to and provided me with suggestions on how take care of myself physically and emotionally. I went to the doctor earlier the day I was in labor. At the time, I was having contractions but was not dilating so I was unable to go to the hospital. As my contractions got stronger, I called Colleen and she came over at 11:00 at night. She recommended different positions to speed up my dilation and made me feel at ease with the labor process. When she felt I was dilated enough, which was at 3:30 in the morning, Colleen followed my husband and I to the hospital. She not only stayed with me until I delivered our daughter, but for a little while after that to make sure I was settled before she had to go to another hospital for another client. My entire labor was around 38-hours and Colleen made me feel at ease the whole time. Colleen knew how important it was for me to have a natural birth, and was able to help me achieve my goal. She also recommended positions to help my water break and mucus plug come out naturally, which helped me avoid any medical intervention. Ben and I plan on calling Colleen right away when I am pregnant with our second child, and highly recommend her to anyone who is looking to use a doula during their pregnancy.Heather Susman


Sarah Garfield4/10/2018We met Colleen through HypnoBirthing classses my husband and I took and I knew from our first conversation that I needed her support and experience for my pregnancy and labor.  Colleen was professional, knowledgeable but most importantly extremely genuine and kind.  My pregnancy had multiple complications at the end which resulted in changing plans multiple times and Colleen remained flexible and positive throughout.  The guidance she was able to provide us beforehand helped us feel more confident going into the birth of our son.  When the time came, despite a major snowstorm leading to a tree being knocked down in her driveway, Colleen was able to make it to the hospital for my labor.  When I could no longer handle the pain of my back labor, Colleen remained calm and supportive of my pain management decisions.  While my husband was extremely supportive during labor, I don’t know that I could have made it through without Colleen’s support and guidance. After our delivery, she visited the house and was able to talk me down from the very intense emotional rollercoaster i was experiencing And has continued to check in and provide resources to help me through.  As someone who wasn’t familiar with doulas or the services they offer, I can honestly say it was the best decision we made and worth every penny and then some to hire Colleen!  Thank you Colleen for everything - you don’t know how much we appreciate it!


Tiffany Kozlowski4/9/2018Colleen was our saving grace. My husband was hesitant about hiring a Doula at first but after meeting her, he not only felt comfortable with her but also walked away with more knowledge than what we had gained from our birthing class. She was there for all three of us throughout the process, answering and helping us with all of our questions fears and concerns. You can never be too prepared and Colleen made sure we had all the tools necessary throughout our pregnancy to ensure we would meet all our goals as best as we could during labor. We delivered at a high intervention hospital because we loved our doctors. When Colleen met us at the hospital she was fully prepared and equipped with balls, music, snacks, and anything I needed to be comfortable. She was loving and encouraging throughout the whole process and made sure my husband was a part of the process telling him how to help. She gave me the strength to stand up to the nurses and doctors and make sure they followed all of our wishes. I stalled so ended up being induced, we had asked everyone to step out of the room and Colleen, my husband and I discussed if it was necessary and at this point, we felt it was so proceeded. She showed me different positions, help with the shower, squats walking around and encouraged me to have the best labor and delivery possible. Our team of doctors loved working with her and so did everyone at the hospital. I have not only referred her to many of my friends but throughout my journey of motherhood have come across many people who have used her during their pregnancy. I feel this is a huge testament to who she is and how wonderful she is. We would have not had the most beautiful labor/delivery if it wasn't for Colleen my husband agrees and he is thrilled that we hired her. She is far more than a doula but a friend and someone we will continue to keep in contact with for many years.


Rachel Lime2/5/2018Colleen is an amazing doula, and I know for a fact that my birth story would have been far different had we not hired her. She is incredibly knowledgeable in all things baby and pregnancy and was available to us whenever we needed guidance leading up to the birth of our daughter. And she continues to be a valuable resource to us in managing the proper care of our baby girl. Hiring her will be a pivotal game changer for your birth because she cares for her clients like she does her own children - she’s the most wonderful advocate and friend no matter what happens when you go into labor. We cannot say enough good things about her and what she has done and continues to do for us!


Kristin Dell'Anno2/5/2018My husband and I loved having Colleen as our doula. This was my first pregnancy and I was very anxious and scared about giving birth.  We decided to hire a doula to help ease my anxiety and to give us extra support.  Colleen was warm and answered all of my many questions.  She never made me feel stupid for asking so many questions or for being nervous.  She sent me many helpful articles to read about pregnancy and childbirth.  When I finally went into labor, Colleen was there very soon after my husband called her and stayed until after the baby was born.  My labor was long and difficult. She was a huge support to not only me but also my husband.  My husband told me after that he was getting scared because of the complications but Colleen knew he was silently freaking out and calmed his nerves.  She comforted me when my birthplan didn't go the way I wanted it to and when complications started to occur.  She knew what questions to ask the medical staff and advised me on other choices that needed to be made.  She never got in the way of the nurses or OB and never pushed her opinions on me.    I felt completely comfortable and trusted her 100% that she had my best interest at heart.  I honestly couldn't imagine having gone through all of that without Colleen there.  I can't recommend her enough.


Christina Polychroni11/30/2017When i hired a "doula", i did not know much, and it was still early in the process. Who knew what a whirlwind this would become, how i would change providers to the birth center, and then- just when things would be comfortable and easy, the final climax that would really shake my world and lead us to Boston... I remember so many times texting you when i had any question that came to mind, calling you in tears, calling you in joy and laughter , and you were always there to support and provide the best advice you had. I remember so clearly the morning after Micah was born, you came in and i grabbed your hand in silence, looked at you in gratitude and an avalanche of love and blessed THANK YOU came over me. I could not speak in words but my heart was pounding so hard looking at you and realizing what a support system you had become! So i THANK you, i thank you for being who you are, for standing by me in perhaps the most difficult days and decisions i have ever been called to make, for everything you have given me so far- and for this bond that will remain in me for the rest of my life... Keep up the sacred work you do, keep reminding women of the strength we carry in us, and always remember that you have truly changed the life of at least one woman that is now writing this letter in tears of joy, bliss and gratitude..


Morgan11/2/2017It's difficult to describe how much I needed Colleen during my birth. I didn't have the easy, beautiful birth that I was hoping for; the one that Colleen and my husband and I planned for. After 20 hours of labor without medication, including 3 hours of pushing, I was given a c-section. During the labor Colleen was there, holding my barf bag, cleaning off my face, applying counter pressure, counting for me when I pushed, telling the nurses to take the oxygen off when I couldn't breathe through the mask, offering different positions when my baby's cord was compressed, telling me everything was going to be alright when the doctor couldn't affix the vacuum to my daughter's head, and holding my hand as I agreed to the c-section that I desperately didn't want. But what impressed me the most was when I was rushed off to 5 hours of emergency surgery for a c-section gone wrong, Coleen stayed with my husband and newborn. She comforted them when they needed comfort the most. She was the rock that I couldn't be for them. I will never be able to repay her for what she did for me and my family that night. Postpartum, she was checking in on me, making sure we were all OK. Not only is she knowledgeable, she is kind and she is safe and she will be there in every way you can imagine, whether you have the beautiful birth that you planned or the traumatic one that you dreaded. I can't say enough about how amazing she is.


Tiana Werber11/1/2017My husband and I first met Colleen at a fetal positioning class she was giving at Hypnobirthing of CT.  It helped me better understand how a doula could help facilitate the process of labor.  We had been considering hiring a doula and I felt like we could be a good match.  She is confident, knowledgeable, and very experienced. And she loves animals, too!  Something felt so right about it that I feel like I already knew we would hire her before I first called her.  Thankfully, she was available for the timeframe of when our baby was expected to be born.  Colleen saved us a great deal of last minute stress when she told us at the 36 week visit that it was time to get our bags ready.  I still was not quite packed at 37 wks and 3 days, when I went into labor at 2am, but at least I had put together a list of items from the resources Colleen emailed so my husband could help me get ready.  We went to Vidone birthing Center soon after showering and packing, and our baby was also ready to go.  Within the next few hours, I went from minimal/no cervical dilation to 7cm.  Colleen rushed over once she heard labor had progressed quite fast and she was there by my side for the final stages when our little boy was born before 9am.  She helped with his first latch and stayed with us to support us through the initial post-delivery hours.  She has been an incredible support through the post-partum months, as well.  I had so many questions that I didn't know I would have until the baby was born.  My family will be moving from CT next spring and I wish I could take Colleen with us to be our doula if we have another baby!


Holly Fisher9/12/2017We hired Colleen as our doula when moving from NYC to CT in the middle of my pregnancy with our first child. While we originally intended to strive for a natural birth (I also preferred a hospital birth setting and the option of an epidural), complications arose towards the end of my pregnancy which required a scheduled cesarean section. I wasn't sure what the role of a doula would be if I wasn't going to labor, but Colleen met us at the hospital that morning and we were so grateful to have her there. She helped me relax and keep me calm before surgery, and sat with my husband while I was in surgery (I went under general anesthesia so my husband was not permitted in the operating room). Colleen helped us ask questions of the nurses that we wouldn't have thought to ask -- notably, she prompted us to request that our son to be brought straight to my husband while I was still in surgery. As first time parents, we learned so much from our prenatal sessions with Colleen. Her suggestions for sleeping alignment helped me maintain quality sleep through the end of my pregnancy. To me, the most valuable support was Colleen's follow up after the birth of my son, when I was experiencing insomnia and anxiety. It was very comforting to have her as an ally and a resource. Even though I wasn't able to have her coach me through labor, Colleen was such a great asset to my pregnancy and birth experience, and I would highly recommend her!


Heather Breslin7/7/2017Asking Colleen to be my doula was undoubtedly one of the best decisions I could have made for my pregnancy and birth experience. There is so much information out there about pregnancy that it feels overwhelming for a first timer; having Colleen to guide me gave me the tools to feel not only reassured, but empowered to make informed decisions.I ended up being induced at 41 weeks and had a very long, mostly unmedicated labor, Colleen went above and beyond during that time, staying with me for over 24 hours. Labor is a rollercoaster, and she adapted to my needs and helped me through every stage. She was strong, knowledgable, kind, compassionate, encouraging, and firm when I needed it. She helped make me more comfortable during contractions and was a calm voice of reason for me and my partner. It's difficult to put into words how much her presence contributed to a positive bith experience, despite some challenging circumstances. I truly don't know what I would have done without her.After my son was born, Colleen was, and continues to be, someone I know I can reach out to and rely on for guidance. There are some people you meet in life that you can tell have truly found their calling and what they do seems so natural to them. That's Colleen. I would 100% recommend her to anyone in my life!


Sarah King7/6/2017Colleen was incredible! She and her apprentice were crucial during my very intense labor.  her kindness and constant support i was able to calmly deliver my son with very little intervention. She provided me with constant counter pressure on my back during surges, helped me navigate the day with loving guidance, and helped me feel completely confident. what was really incredible was that she had already been up 24 hours due to another mother who was in he room next door. I never felt like Colleen had split her time she was literally always there and ready to help. she also provided me with awesome pre and post natal care.Couldnt have done it without her and her wonderful apprentice Hannah.


Cassandra A4/3/2017From our first meeting with Colleen I knew we were in good hands. Colleen has a calm and confident spirit. She had practical and timely advice of how to care for myself and my baby throughout the pregnancy that I did not recieve from my OB. Colleen guided me in what exercises to do, nutrition advice, and had a VERY helpful resource page with articles and links about different preganancy topics. She always responded to a text message or email within several hours the following day. I trusted her knowledge and guidance as she has four children of her own and I could sense the dedication she had for all her other clients. Colleen was reassuring that I would go into labor naturally and finally on day 11 it began.  I was elated to finally get the ball rolling.  Labor was scary and I was relieved Colleen was there to light the way at every turn and explain what was going on with my body. I could NOT have gotten as far as I did (8cm and 20ish hours of labor) without her support.  I did not want my husband touching me during the surges. Colleen was there to emotionally and physically help change my position to make me as comfortable as possible while sitting or standing next to a hospital bed hooked up to the fetal monitor. Colleen was a sounding board for us during the trying times with the doctors and nurses but never overstepped our boundaries. She was encouraging and loving during this life changing event and I truly feel blessed to have had her walk us into parenthood.  She is an outstanding doula with a heart of gold that I would highly recommend to any mother.


Jaclyn Heneghan3/26/2017As first-time parents, having Colleen as our doula was a wonderful experience. She is warm, friendly, and very knowledgeable. Colleen met with us several times before our baby’s birth to go over our wishes, pain management techniques, and to answer any questions we had. She provided us with resources to help us make informed decisions along the way and checked in with me frequently.During labor, Colleen's presence was hugely comforting and her calm encouragement helped me work through my pain. She created an ambiance in the birthing center that was unreal; with essential oils of my choosing, mood lights, and my favorite music that I could sway my hips to with each contraction. Colleen was also able to show my husband how he could be of help and he was so grateful for her guidance. I had extreme back labor pains and can't imagine going through that without Colleen's techniques, and encouragement.After our daughter was born, Colleen visited us in our home to make sure we were settling in and provide support with breastfeeding. She had births back to back but still managed to pickup my placenta from the hospital and had capsules made right away for me. I absolutely believe she was the the driving force for allowing the best day of our life to be nothing short of amazing. We would have been overwhelmed without her calm nature and wisdom. Overall, we loved working with Colleen and would not only recommend her to anyone considering a doula but insist they have her by their side in such a beautiful life changing experience!-Jaclyn & Frank, December 2016


Kaitlyn Gustafson3/9/2017Colleen was so wonderful to work with. She really took the time to listen to what was important to me during my birth and had my labor room set up with my requests. I enjoyed a wonderful, calm birth experience solely because of her. She respected my decisions and supported my requests. She is also available 24/7 via text which was amazing for questions during my pregnancy. My first time labor was so much smoother because of her!


Tiffany Orcutt3/2/2017My experience with Colleen as my doula for my first pregnancy was overwhelmingly positive. From the prenatal visits in which she visited my home and we got to know each other, to the information she shared throughout my pregnancy (especially insight she provided in dealing with less than favorable situations with medical care providers), to my birth itself, Colleen was an invaluable asset to my entire experience. During my birth, Colleen kept me nourished, applied the right pressure through every contraction and cheered me on through the pushing phase. Colleen's strong relationship with the midwives at St. Rapheal's Hospital in New Haven, where I delivered, certainly enhanced my birthing experience. When I ended up needing an emergency cesearean due to my baby's unexpected breech position, Colleen was next to my husband in the operating room. I owe, in no small part, my ability to labor without medication and handle with grace when events took an unexpected turn, to Colleen's support and steadfast encouragement. I will unquestionably use her services again in a future pregnancy.


Catherine Sibley2/27/2017Have you ever read or been told that having a doula attend your birth is a must? Well, based on our experience, we would take this advice as the absolute truth! If it were not for Colleen being present, our birth story would have played out in a very different way. We are sure of it! We would have been back and forth between the hospital and our home 100 times because we would not have progressed far enough into labor. That would have been tiring and stressful! All of this was avoided with Colleen’s guidance.From the moment we signed up for Colleen’s services, she offered us countless resources to help us prepare physically and mentally for our birthing day. She taught us exercises to do to help our baby get and remain in the best position possible for birthing, and for the brief moment a not so positive position was assumed, Colleen knew exactly what to have me do. It was amazing, our baby repositioned and at the same time labor started to progress even more!Our goal was to experience a natural, drug-free birth that was as calm as possible. This is exactly what we experienced! Colleen worked brilliantly with the staff at Vidone Birth Center at the St. Raphael campus of Yale New Haven Hospital. All of this, wrapped up with Colleen’s placenta encapsulation service, set us up for a postpartum experience we could have only dreamed of! We are so in love and enjoying every moment with our bundle of joy!We would highly recommend Colleen’s services to anyone and everyone. Thank you so much Colleen!With all of our love,Cate, Brian, and Baby Jules


Lauren Crawford2/23/2017Labor was one of the scariest, intense, crazy things I've ever experienced. As a first-time mother, I had no idea what to expect, and let's be honest, there's really no great way of describing it to someone who has never gone through it. Colleen helped us prepare to the best of our abilities. In the weeks leading up to our birth, she helped me take supplemental vitamins and drinks that helped with the worst of my pregnancy symptoms.I really wanted a 100% natural birth at Danbury's birth center. But, the cosmos had something else planned (or at least my daughter had something else planned). She planned on staying in my womb indefinitely. My water broke a few days after my due date, and while I was having contractions during the day, they'd mysteriously disappear at night. Colleen helped me distinguish these contractions from real labor and made suggestions for some ways to kickstart labor.Unfortunately nothing worked, not even castor oil! After three days, our midwives admantly recommended induction. I was devastated. On the way to the hospital I cried the whole way. I was so scared of pitocin and that I wouldn't be able to make it through labor naturally.Having Colleen with me was like having a mother with you in the room. She knew what to do to help and often just let me collapse into her when I couldn't handle a contraction on my own. I continued to labor without any drugs for a few more hours.When I finally made the decision to get an epidural I felt that if I didn't have some kind of break (my contractions were coming in waves of 3-4 without any break in between) Colleen encouraged me that it was okay. I was so happy that I did.Colleen helped us welcome our daughter and came a few times in the next few weeks to help us adjust to our new normal. I will definitely use Colleen when we have our next baby.*I wish to say more but there's a character limit!


Mary Donovan2/14/2017I had the pleasure of working with Colleen during my son’s birth in November of 2016. I was nearing my 40th week when an ultrasound revealed a “large” baby and the doctors were suggesting a C-section. We met with Colleen and loved her and felt extremely fortunate that she was willing to work with us so late in the game. We knew within minutes of meeting Colleen that we had made the right decision. She was extremely knowledgeable, kind and calm and we felt at peace knowing she would be with us. I went 9 days past my due date and was diagnosed with pre-eclampsia with severe features and was induced upon diagnosis. Just prior to the induction we called Colleen and she started over to the hospital. I learned later that this is usually not the case and doulas often wait until things have progressed, but we were so grateful to have her with us during that time. She stayed awake and was by my bedside the entire time which even allowed my husband to get some rest. I was on bedrest due to magnesium treatment but was able to labor for 12 hours with Pitocin without an epidural because Colleen was there to help with positioning and provided so much helpful guidance to keep things calm and peaceful despite the circumstances. After 24 hours we decided that a C-section was the safest option for me and the baby and at that point we told Colleen that she should go home and get some rest. Many people thought I would have been traumatized by the birth because I had so desperately wanted a drug free experience and ended up with so many interventions and ultimately a C-section. I experienced a lot of physical trauma, but I was at peace with the birth and we owe a lot of that to Colleen. We did everything on our time and in our own way and made best decisions possible given the circumstances. We are forever grateful for her help and would highly recommend her to anyone.


Ryan and Melody Barton2/2/2017My wife Melody and I hired Colleen to serve as our doula after she came highly recommended to us. Within five minutes of meeting Colleen, we knew she was the one for us. The deciding factor was different for me and my wife. Personally, I was attracted to her knowledge and experience. For Melody, Colleen made her feel relaxed, comfortable and most importantly safe. Melody and I wanted a natural birth. We took all the classes, read all the books and were prepared. Colleen made sure of that. She spent more time than we could have ever expected teaching us breathing techniques, pressure point massages, exercises and stretches for proper fetal positioning etc. The list goes on and on. We were ready. Life doesn't always follow a 'birth plan'. After laboring for six hours at home and six hours at the birthing center Melody was not progressing. She was in a lot of pain, too much pain. We could all see it on her face. I didn't know what to do and Melody was so tired she was relying on me to make the proper decision for her. I was lost. While holding my wife's hand and supporting her back Colleen didn't miss a beat. She gently leaned down, reminded Melody she was doing a phenominal job and listed a couple options. After weighing the pros and cons we decided to go across the street and deliver our baby at Danbury Hospital, straying from our natural birth plan. Looking back on this moment my wife and I know this was the correct path. Without Colleen's guidance, we may not have come to this decision with such peace and confidence. Having her knowledge and expertise was an invaluable resource at a time when we needed it the most. In closing, Colleen is a knowledgeable and gifted doula. We have already recommended her to others and look forward to having her by our side for baby number two!


Yan Austin12/12/2016I guess like everyone, I was nervous about having my first baby. I have a spinal injury from my time as a high school athlete, so I was maybe more concerned than most, especially about having an epidural. When one of my friends suggested hiring a doula, I knew it was the right choice to help put my mind and body at ease so I could relax and stay focused on my labor. My husband and I interviewed three doulas during my third trimester. Colleen stood out from our first meetig with her by helping to personalize the flood of information you get as a soon-to-be-mommy. During her second prenatal visit, she trained us both in infant CPR and shared some natural remedies that are supposed to help prepare your body for delivery.When the big day finally came (one week late!), Colleen was there at the hospital to guide me through my labor. My husband was there too of course, but while he was loving and supportive, something about Colleen's presence was especially soothing to me. I felt safer with her helping me through each contraction. I guess the natural remedies helped too, because after five hours of labor I gave birth to our beautiful baby girl! I didn't get an epidural, and my midwife said my delivery was the quietest she'd ever seen :PColleen really helped me find the strength to get through the whole process without an epidural. She was kind and caring, and when she came to visit us a few days after my baby was born, she shared a lot of information about what to expect next. Even months later, I could still text her new mommy questions about breast feeding and lactation and she was as thoughtful and generous as ever. Thanks Colleen!


Christel Ruppert11/28/2016My husband and I are so glad we chose Colleen to be our doula! Initially, my husband and I weren’t sure if we would need doula services as we were in the process of taking birthing classes. However, I am so very thankful and grateful for choosing Colleen! Not only is she professional but she is so very kind, patient and just a wonderful person to be around! She was very thorough and informative in our initial meetings and I loved how she provided so much advice on what to do before, during and after birth. There is so much information on the internet it can be overwhelming but Colleen made it easier for me to by organizing and listing information and resources for me. The day I went into labor, we called Colleen as Colleen arrived in perfect timing! She made me feel extremely comfortable and used the techniques we discussed to ease my contractions. We labored at home as long as I could and arrived at the hospital at 9CM! I was able to achieve natural childbirth (no epidural, no Pitocin) with Colleens help. Colleen was there for me every step of the way, even after my daughter was born. She became more than just my doula, she became my friend. Thank you Colleen!!


renate saunders11/19/2016I could not have gone through the birth of my son without Colleen.She helped and guided me through every step of the way and I had a lot on my plate.I got married a month before my son was born, get used to a mother-in-law, moved in with the hubby... and work.She was always very patient with me and was a real source of comfort for me and my family. I ended up having some complications durig the delivery and had to make some serious decisions and Colleen was the only one who remained calm and allowed me to think clearly.I would recommend her in a heart beat and the only thing I wish I did was have her from the very beginning ! Unfortunately I only found her on the homestretch.... but better late than never !


Julia Orozco11/10/2016I found Colleen online, during one of my sleepless nights during pregnancy. I knew what I wanted from my birth, just didn't know how to get it.  I have heard many stories of OB/GYNs not respecting mother's wishes and even some "horror stories" from their own experience.I did my research and decided that hiring a doula would be a good option. I liked Colleen from the day we met, she was real, very straight forward with your best interest in her mind.One thing I really appreciate about her is that she pointed out the red flags when I told her how my that time OB/GYN treated me. She suggested to consider switching OB/GYNs. I'm not going to lie I wasn't too crazy about that idea. Today I have to say it was the best suggestion on her end and the best decision on my end that we made. I like that I was able to reach her any time I needed her, she always knew how to help me and calm me down. SHe was a big help during my labor, helping me to alleviate my pain during the surges. I'm really glad I had her there with me! I'm very sure that without her (and my new health provider) I would have ended up with C-section. My birth didn't go 100% according to my plan but I have to say thanks to my awesome team that was very willing to work together we made the best of it and I was very happy and confident with me choice !


Jessie Doros11/9/2016Colleen is an amazing doula, I would HIGHLY recommend her for anyone considering a doula.  She is extremely responsive (within minutes) so you can get a hold of her anytime, and she's always there for advice, recommendations, support, etc.  She was worth her weight in gold during my delivery - she stayed with me through my 26 hours I was in the birthing center and saved me from a C-section with her knowledge and positioning techniques (shake the apple tree for back labor!). Additionally I was able to find the incredible Vidone Birthing Center because of Colleen.  They provided the exact care I was looking for and I completely entrusted them.  My husband and I joke that we will fly back there just to have our next baby.  I did placenta encapsulation with her as well which I also believe prevented me from any postpartum depression. She had also recommended a moms support group for me, Life After Birth, which was a game changer. She is an amazing resource and friend - I still keep in touch with her today even though we now live in CA!


Kevin Ashley9/7/2016One of the best decisions we made during our pregnancy was asking Colleen to be our Doula! If you are even remotely considering hiring a doula, I can save you lots of time and tell you to just hire Colleen! From the moment my wife and I sat down with Colleen, we felt connected. She was extremely knowledgeable and it was obvious she loved being a doula. As both a mother-to-be and a father-to-be we both had our own list of questions and concerns. Colleen was very patient and answered all our questions knowledgeably and confidently. She took the time to understand each of us and what our needs were. She was always prepared. She was a rock when we needed her and always calm, comforting and encouraging. Looking back, we can't imagine the experience without her by our sides. We spoke with quite a few other Doulas in the area and their references. From prenatal to post-birth, Colleen helped us so much. None was better than Colleen and we couldn't recommend her more highly.


Jeanine8/16/2016The thing that surprised me most about pregnancy was the unexpected fears that come up and the resources I would need to prepare for the birth I desired (as much as I possibly could). I'm so thankful I had Colleen to turn to with every concern and question. She would text me back within minutes with an answer, an article, a website or Amazon buy now link. When my baby was breech a few weeks before labor she had a chiropractor reference ready for me with exercises on cue that helped me flip baby Violet right around in time for labor. What surprised me most about labor was the amount of decisions Brent and I would have to make on the spot. Contractions were all I could focus on and having Colleen there with so much birth experience to help us feel grounded and support the choices we wanted to make in each moment was so comforting. And the emotional support she provides will be what you remember the most. I was experiencing the deepest body sensations I have ever felt while she held the weight of me and baby in her arms, guiding me through each breath and listening for what I needed. I would recommend Colleen to any woman who desires to feel supported, grounded, powerful and trusting of her birth experience. Oh!! And after having her for post pardom support in our home was just the icing on the cake. We had our placenta encapsulated, which left me feeling energized and stable. And she helped me take care of baby while we packed for a big move when Violet turned 3 months old. I can't say enough great things about her and wish you the courage to say yes to getting the support you deserve, that only Colleen can give in her way, on this beautiful special adventure.


Angela Strassheim8/9/2016Looking back on the birth of our daughter, I don't know how I could have managed all the levels of labor without Colleen.  She was a great teacher, coach, and energy spirit from the weeks leading up to the birth and weeks after. She is involved on a deeper level then most doulas and offers services beyond just showing up for the birth.  From suggesting a hypnobirthing class to placenta encapsulation, I really felt taken care of by Colleen and trusted her knowledge.  I am forever grateful for the empowerment I felt during my birth experience even with options were taken away from me. We are so thankful that she is a part of our birth story.  Even at the very end I asked my husband to hand his phone over to her to capture the actual moment of birth so that I could see it later from another perspective.  She knew just what to include, I love the images so much!  They are so meaningful to me as a photographer myself.  I will reccommend her to anyone I know giving birth in Connecticut.


Galina Zelfond-Orlosky7/21/2016I don't think there is enough space for me to praise what Colleen did for me and my family. My first birthing experience was successful vaginal birth after 27hr labor. My second pregnancy was riddled with complications, including an external cephalic version, 33hr labor and an emergency C-section. So when it came to welcoming our 3rd and final child into this world, I was anxious and worried about a potential C-section and we decided to consult with a Doula for support. We met with Colleen 3 times prior to actual delivery. She coached my husband and me through positions, exercises, infant CPR and supplements that would help with our most recent pregnancy and delivery. Unfortunately this child decided to arrive 2 weeks late, so my anxiety was at an all-time high with our OB/GYN practice recommending a membrane sweep and induction at 42 weeks. So when the outcome of our nearly 36hr v-bac labor and delivery was a single push flawless arrival of our son - I can only say that it was solely due to Colleen’s efforts and knowledge as a Doula.Colleen is incredibly knowledgeable, patient, encouraging, supportive, kind, gentle and loving professional. I came out of this pregnancy and birthing experience more empowered, more centered, more in control of myself and our child. My hospital stay post-delivery was just 24hrs and I was enjoying our newborn at home.We also used Colleen's services for placenta encapsulation, tincture and umbilical cord keepsake. She arrived just a few days after our birth with the most adorable gift bag of pills, potion, and heart shaped dried cord and chocolate.We love Colleen and everything she did for us. We simply sing her praises and encourage everyone to work with her.


Storm Keefe7/13/2016Working with Colleen, from beginning to end was such an awesome experience! She was calm, imformative and easy to work with leading up to the day of the birth, making herself available for everything we needed and more. One the day of the birth she happened to be delivering with another mother, and had to send her on-call partner in her place for a bit, and despite what I am sure was a LONG night and day for her, she rushed to us when she was finished with her first delivery and was there for basically all of mine too! She helped my husband and I stay calm, focused and comfortable and also worked with us to help get the baby in position when we realized he needed to move a bit to keep things going. Colleen came prepared with music, oils and lots of love and serenity, and was such a wonderful presence throughout our whole birth. When I needed to regroup and pull away from everyone and everything to keep progressing, Colleen was able to change gears instantly and managed to get a ton of photos which we are SO grateful for! I would highly recommend working with her and having her as part of your birth journey, she is so sweet and easy to be around and obviously very skilled at what she does!! We also had her encapsulate my placenta and make it into a tincture, I would recommend she do both as well too! She is incredibly thoughtful and sweet and you wont go wrong by having her by your side.


tiffany frisenda5/5/2016Hiring Colleen was one of the best things we did during my pregnancy in preparation for our new baby. Her prenatal advice left us feeling confident and prepared. We feel that her advice helped my labor progress quickly and smoothly, and her precense and coaching helped calm us both during labor. She is very easy to talk to, warm, and knowledgable. I highly recommend Colleen to anyone seeking a doula for prenatal, labor, and post care.


melanie falzone4/13/2016Hiring Colleen as my birth doula was one of the most important decisions I made during my pregnancy. She attended the birth of my first baby who I had in January 2016 and I also had her encapsukate my placenta.Going into pregnancy was scary for me initially. I have a medical history which has left me being told by doctors for most of my life that I may not be able to get pregnant or carry a baby to term. I believed I could have a safe and very healthy pregnancy, labor and delivery and Colleen did too. She was a huge supporter and a constant source of encouragement and knowledge on a road I've never traveled. Any time I had a question, I'd text or email her and she responded always same-day and with a very thorough answer and always with resources to support her answer. She has treated me from day one with a great amount of respect and compassion (let's face it - being pregnant has its rough moments!). During labor, Colleen was a rockstar, guiding me through each surge (contraction) and encouraging and reminding me of what to do to help keep me on track to have a beautiful and natural birth. I birthed my daughter exactly how I had planned for so many months and Colleen was absolutely instrumental in that, and I am forever thankful to her for her patience, expertise, and kind soul throughout. She never "got in the way" and my husband is equally thankful for her for all her guidance. As he says, we took all these wonderful classes and learned a lot, but when that baby is ready to come, your mind just goes blank! Colleen seamlessly stepped in to remind both of us of what to do. Without her, my birth story would not be the same.I HIGHLY recommend her if anyone is considering a doula. You will not be sorry and you will look back on your experience knowing you picked an invaluable professional to be a part of your birth team. She is not just a doula, she is the woman who will remind you that you are beautifully designed to give birth to new life.


Lydia Willsky4/12/2016After researching childbirth and all that came with, I determined that I wanted to have a natural childbirth.  For me, this meant taking a hypnobirthing course and hiring Colleen as our doula.  Both decisions were pivotal and I credit both with enabling me to have the birth experience I wanted--even when wrenches were thrown into our "plan" along the way.  When our baby was still breech at 36 weeks, Colleen provided me with techniques to help flip her, but even more importantly, supported me once those techniques did not work and my husband and I turned to ECV to flip the baby. (It worked, thankfully).  Once I did go into labor at just over 40 weeks, Colleen played an even more crucial role in allowing me a natural, drug-free birth.  I dilated swiftly, but our tiny, opinionated, and stubborn daughter simply did not wish to descend (she was most likely facing posterior).  After three and a half hours of pushing accompanied with back labor, my resolve began to crumble and I started mentioning words like "epidural."  Colleen was the voice of encouragement I needed in that moment.  She reminded me how strong I was and how far I had come, and when I decided to employ vacuum extraction, she was completely supportive.  Colleen both rolled with the punches and allowed me to do so.  I cannot thank her enough for what she has done for us--during pregnancy, in the delivery room, and after Rose was born.  Needless to say, I will be calling on Colleen for any future pregnancies!


Andrea Fardelmann2/6/2016We hired Colleen after interviewing several doulas in the area. We felt that Colleen was the best fit, and we are so glad we choose her! From the moment Colleen became our doula she was extremely informative and had an endless wealth of important knowledge to share. This was valuable information that I never would have had, if it had not been for her. After working with her throughout my pregnancy, I felt so well prepared, educated, and most importantly confident in my birth. She was always my number one resource along the way. She was available anytime I had a question, and was there to calm my nerves when I needed it most! My birthing experience went exactly as we had planned, and we believe that Colleen was a big part in making our birthing goals become a reality. With her by our side, we were able to labor at our home, relaxed and confident for 6 hours. When she thought I was ready, we made our way to the hospital. We ended up spending just 1 hour in the hospital before our baby girl was born. Colleen helped to make the natural and peaceful birth that I had dreamed of a reality, and we wouldn't have been able to do it without her by our side. We are so grateful that we worked with her and she still remains my number 1 "go to" for any and all questions about our baby. We can’t thank her enough!!


Heather Houston1/28/2016We were unsure until late in my pregnancy whether we wanted to hire a doula, and I'm so glad we did.  Colleen was an integral part of our birth experience.  Happily, she was available on short notice.  After meeting with her and discussing our birth plan, it was clear that she was knowledgeable about the kind of birth we wanted to have. i was also reassured by the fact that she has several children of her own, so has her own experience to bring to the table.  She came to our home and met with us to help us prepare for the birth, and gave training on basic infant care and first aid.  I feel that we were pretty well prepared for a natural childbirth with our choice of hospital and healthcare provider, but Colleen offered helpful additional information.  She was supportive when I went past my due date and helped me get through the process of stalling the induction that my provider was encouraging.  Unfortunately, I did eventually have to have the induction, but with Colleen's help we were still able to have a natural childbirth without medication.  Colleen has a very grounding manner,  and she knows when to step in to provide extra support and when to play down her presence.  I felt she was very respectful of my partner's role as my birth partner while providing additional, essential care and support.  She worked well with my midwife, too. Colleen also provides placenta encapsulation services, which I recommend to help with the tough postpartum hormonal changes.  She even returned to the hospital to pick up the placenta, since they would not release it right away.  Colleen took a lot of photographs during the birth,  and shared them with me, which was great. She also paid me a visit a couple of weeks after our daughter's birth, just to check in and make sure that the transition was going well. She's very professional and kind, and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a doula.


greg korotash1/24/2016From a husbands perspective, I cannot even think how our birth of our first child would have went without the help of Colleen. I was a nervous wreck with the thought of going through the process of being a new dad, but with her help she made everything effortless.  From the first time we met (about 3 months before birth) she showed such care, compassion, and love to myself and my wife.  She offered wonderful services in breathing techniques, birthing options, excercises, care for a newborn, CPR, and lactation.  She was always a quick phone call or email away with any questions that arrose.  My wife expierenced a long labor, and this is where her services were PRICELESS.  Working on just a couple hours of sleep herself for a few days, Colleen was there by my wifes side the entire time.  She was always a step ahead and was able to sooth my wife when I didn't know how to be helpful.   Constant massages, soothing oils, music, and just the confident tone in her voice put myself and my wife at ease.  She knew the right times to rest, and the right times to kick things into high gear.  It was wonderful knowing that I could be in another room, or run out to get food and Colleen was there to care for my wife.  She truely provided the utmost respect and support to my wife and myself! After birth, she visited us at home to make sure things were running smoothly, and to this day she is there to help us with anything that arises.  Lets face it. Us as men, we really don't understand what our ladies go through and can't really connect with them 100%.  This is where having her shined. From our first phone call, to months afterward, her services were invaluable. I can't being to think what I would have done if she wasn't part of our birth expierence. Thank you so much.


Jackie Chase1/23/2016Our decision to use Colleen as our doula was one of the best we made during our pregnancy. We had an immediate feeling of ease and comfort with her which made it an easy decision. Her encapsulation services were an added bonus. She is professional, available, and thoughtful.As most do, we had a specific birth plan which involved a natural birth with a midwifery group in the birthing center. Henry did not adhere to the plan we had envisioned, so we quickly had to adjust our thinking. Colleen provided much needed positive reinforcement, support and encouragement in this tough and emotional transition. The remainder of our birth was also a journey, and Colleen played a critical role in this long haul. She saw to it that the hospital staff created an environment as close to the birthing center as possible, and wasn't afraid to speak up on our behalf. She was involved when she needed to be, but also knew to step back and give us space when not. Perhaps the most critical part of Colleen's service was towards the end of our birth when 'failure to progress' got the doctors talking c-section. Colleen quickly jumped to action with her rebozo techniques and positioning that finally got our baby to drop. While the hospital staff may have been a bit thrown by her methods, her effort single handedly helped us avoid an unnecessary surgery. We couldn't thank her enough for this.From her personal in-home attention leading up to the birth, to her postpartum visits and availability to offer advice, we could not have been happier with our experience with Colleen. We recommend her with all our heart to anyone considering a doula for their birth.


JoAnna Almo1/9/2016I don't know what I would've done without Colleen at my birth. Despite all my hypnobirthing preparation and being very well-prepared and not scared of childbirth at all,  when my first real contraction hit the first thing I thought was "this is definitely PAIN." Colleen was everything I imagine a Doula should be. She was extremely nurturing and loving... She soothed me and massaged me and really made me feel like I was taken care of. She was also very knowledgeable and had a lot of techniques in her repertoire for managing childbirth. (walking up and down the staircase at an angle skipping a step in between, laboring on the toilet with my arms tightly wrapped around her, etc,) She knew when it was time to rest. And she knew when it was time to get back at it lest labor stall. She is very strong--she was able to bear all of my weight. She is intuitive and knew what I needed when I needed it. She was able to be soft when she needed to be soft and she was able to be assertive when she need to be assertive.  My favorite part of having Colleen at my birth was this incredible birth music that she had... It was this very tribal percussive song that is designed for childbirth... She encouraged me to dance through my contractions and it really helped. I wholeheartedly endorse Colleen as a Doula. she is a wonderful and generous woman and I would be honored to have her at any of my future births.


Brooke Fiorillo12/15/2015Colleen was an absolute necessity for our pregnancy, birth and postpartum. Leading up to the birth, Colleen consistenly checked in with us, gave us tips and was always there to answer any questions or concerns we had. I felt very comfortable and confident in Colleen before labor.Words cannot describe how amazing she was during my labor! I had a very long labor that was planned to be a homebirth and when things changed she helped us make the best decisions and was right by our sides the entire time. I couldn't be happier with the hospital she recommended we transfer to—I believe it really was the next best place besides home to give birth!During labor and especially the pushing stage, Colleen gave me the most confidence out of everyone. When I wasn't sure I was making progress during pushing, she assured me I was and cheered me on in the most loving and non-interfering way. It gave me the energy to push more effectively.After the birth Colleen took my placenta and encapsulated it for me—I didn't have to worry about any of that! She brought it to our home a couple of days later along with my beautiful placenta art. I love knowing that if I have any concerns I can still contact her. She has been giving me tips during my breastfeeding challenges. Besides being an amazing doula, Colleen has turned into a friend. I would recommend her to anyone having any type of birth and would absolutely have her attend any future births I may have! I don't think our birth would have been as pleasant without her there.


Tatiane Roberts10/6/2015Dear Colleen,We are so glad to have chosen you as our doula. You were always very thoughtful and caring from the moment we started working together. Your techniques helped me to stay calm and encouraged me every minute during labor.I had a beautiful natural birth and couldn't have done it without you. I will be forever grateful.Thank you!Tatiane & Toby Roberts


Sarah Shevchik10/1/2015My husband and I hired Colleen as our birth doula and we couldn’t have been happier with our decision. We feel a tremendous amount of gratitude to Colleen. Without her depth of experience, knowledge, calmness and empathy (amongst many other wonderful descriptives too long to list here) I doubt we would have achieved the natural birth we were hoping for. Colleen was a hugely helpful source of information and reassurance leading up to the birth. She was proactive in providing us with many helpful articles and suggestions, as well as being on hand to answer all questions two nervous first time parents had. I am quite a shy person, however, on first meeting Colleen I felt very comfortable in her presence and felt instantly that I could trust her to be our guide and advocate. When we thought I might be in the early stages of labor, we called Colleen and she was invaluable in confirming our thoughts and calming our nerves. Colleen knew exactly when to come to our home as I progressed through labor. We had planned to deliver in a hospital and with Colleen’s guidance we had the confidence to labor at home until it became necessary to move to the hospital to deliver. At the hospital Colleen was tireless in her assistance, helping with all manner of things, and we were so happy to have her there to help us achieve the natural birth we so wanted. Colleen also came for a post-partum visit and she was incredibly helpful and reassuring when I was having difficulties getting to grips with breastfeeding. We also took advantage of Colleen’s placenta encapsulation service and were very pleased with the results. We would not hesitate one second to recommend Colleen to other couples seeking a doula.


Milan McGorty9/29/2015I gave birth 3 months ago to my son Max and I can't begin to say enough good things about Colleen or how wonderful her services are.  My husband and I are first time parents so we didn't know initially what the role of a doula was or if we wanted to hire one.  I'm so glad we did because Colleen was one of the best decisions I made regarding my pregancy and birth plan.  She provided me with a plethora of resources and educational material for a better, healthier preganancy.  Colleen also connected me with various people in her hollistic healthcare network- each of whom contributed towards my "beautiful birth".  What I found endearing was that Colleen sacrificed time out of her own life and family to be available whenever I needed her.  When it came time to give birth, she was "my person"; she showed up right after I called and was at my side for over 24 hours of labor.  Colleen provided unbiased emotional support during my pregnancy, she worked with me to facilitate my natural birth plan, and she even kept in touch with us during the postnatal period.  One day I will be able to tell my son the story of his birth and all the amazing women who helped to make it possible...thank you Colleen so very much from the bottom of my heart, I will forever be grateful xoxo


S. Vine5/31/2015Colleen is extremely kind, knowledgable, and compassionate. She is amazing from the very beginning always checking in with you to see how things are and how she may help. I took advantage of both her doula and placenta encapsulation service. I was completely satisfied with both experiences. Colleen definitely helped me tremendously through the unknown territory of having my first child. I highly recommend her to any mom looking for doula support and post partum depression prevention.


Amanda Ryan Moitoso3/21/2015Colleen is simply amazing. From the start, she was always kind, compassionate, and extremely knowledgeable. I was very anxious to give birth as a first time mom, and she was always there to answer any questions I had, in addition to giving me lots of tips on how to prepare for a natural birth and ease my anxiety. She responded to me almost immediately whenever i texted or called, and as the day approached she would check in with me frequently. Due to some special circumstances, I needed to be induced. This lead to some medical interventions that were not part of my birth plan, but Colleen was there for me 100% and never made me feel like the decisions I made were "wrong." Whatever I needed/wanted, she would try to get for me. Colleen was also an incredible support for my husband, who was a bundle of nerves during the birth, to say the least! She was able to reassure him during the process which gave him the piece of mind he needed. Even though I was induced and needed an epidural, I was able to have a vaginal birth and Colleen was there to support my husband and me through it all. I honestly can't think of anyone else I would have wanted there besides my husband to help me through it. As a woman about to give birth, (especially a first time mom) you need someone in your corner to stick up for you, remind you of your birth preferences, and Colleen was the one to do all of that for me.She was also incredibly helpful to me after my son's birth as our post-partum doula. She came to our house and supported me, whether it was cooking, cleaning, or helping me with breastfeeding/caring for my son. She gave me peace of mind and ultimately the confidence I needed to feel like I could "do this." Those first few weeks were hard, but Colleen really saw me through them. She went above and beyond her call as a doula. Hiring her was the best thing I could have ever done for myself and my family, and I will cherish my time with her forever!


Michael and Erika3/4/2015For the birth of our 2nd child we wanted a reputable duola as my husband has to watch over our 1st child (we believe in the attachment theory) and found Colleen via DONA International. She was very accomodating, sincere, and supportive throughout the entire birthing process. Examples include but not limited to the following: a) willing to travel to my house for pre-birth visits without any charges, b) arrive timely to the hospital for labor and was very supportive and an excellent advocate for what I wanted as determined by the birth plan we've created, c) assisted in breastfeeding recommendation post-birth.Colleen responds very rapidly to my cell phone anytime during the day whether is by text or voice time, even at 1AM.The most important feature I believe besides the ones I've mentioned is she is NON-JUDGEMENT, which in reality is what a mom faces endlessly from majority of people around her (e.g., family members, "friends," health care providers), hence all of these support groups.  I felt very comfortable during our initial meeting.Overall, I strongly recommend Colleen.


Emma Eaton2/25/2015After having twins I needed help and I had no idea where to look. I didn't know postpartum doulas existed and I definitely didn't know what one could do for me.From my first phone call with Colleen I was completely comfortable. The minute she stepped foot in my home I felt at ease, and within the hour my (considerable) nervousness about having a stranger in my postpartum wreck of a house evaporated. Without being asked she knew what needed to be done both to help with me and the babies and to get my house back in order. Having her here was very calming for me and the babies both responded so positively to her. I also think she may be part octopus; the first day she was here I went up to shower and when I came down she had one baby on her chest, one on her lap, and was happily folding laundry. They're my kids and *I* can't do that. Colleen was with me for several weeks and became a member of the family. She was able to help juggle both babies and my three year old as we navigate toilet training, in addition to giving me a break and keeping the house running. She never got ruffled, never forgot to do something, was always game for anything. She gave sage advice if I asked for it but I never, ever felt like she was judging me for decisions I made on my own either.I don't know how to adequately sum up the difference Colleen made in my postpartum period. I felt grounded, supported, and strong with her here in a time when I was navigating my new life in the dark. It was like having all the best parts of your mom there, along with a personal assistant, nanny, housekeeper, and most importantly friend. If a postpartum doula is in your future I can't recommend Colleen highly enough. If you're on the fence about getting one - do it. I wish I'd known about it with my first child, I think it would have changed the whole experience of being a new mother for the better.


Zejfa Jahic2/2/2015My husband and I were expecting our first child; needless to say we were rather nervous about the delivery experience and sought out the assistance of a doula. It was important for us to find someone who would be a good personality fit and would have the ability to make us feel at ease. Colleen, from the very first day, was available to answer any questions we had and provided the reassurance we needed. What's more, she educated us about the many pregnancy/delivery related benefits we were unaware off, such as delayed cord cutting, delayed bath, importance of vitamin C, etc. During delivery, Colleen ensured that I was relaxed and in the right state of mind to deliver our baby girl. Post delivery, Colleen came out to our home for a lactation consultation (on Christmas day!!) to ensure that the baby was latching on properly...let's face it, breastfeeding is not as natural as many claim it to be, so having her there to coach us through some of our difficulties was invaluable. To this day I use Colleen as my sounding board if I have any questions or concerns - it's a relief to have someone as knowledgeable as her at my fingertips.  If we had to do it all over again, we would pick Collen to be our birthing partner. Thank you for all you did - we appreciate it so very much!


Pauline Crisci-Goncalves1/12/2015I do not know what my husband, Alan, and I would have done without our birthing doula, Colleen Myatt. Colleen was an integral part of our birthing experience. She was the most caring, compassionate doula you could ever hope to have while journeying through the labor, birthing and postmortem process. Colleen was kind, soft-spoken and extremely attentive to my husband and me. From late-pregnancy to postpartum, Colleen was always available by phone and text to answer our questions and concerns. Two weeks prior to my scheduled induction, Colleen helped us write a birth plan, go over birthing positions and provide information regarding breastfeeding. When Colleen arrived at the hospital to deliver my baby girl, she brought a wave of serenity to the room and gave me the confidence I needed to know everything was going to be all right. Unfortunately, my labor and birthing experience did not go as planned due to unforeseen complications. After two days of being induced, I had to have cesarean- section because my baby, Alexandra could not fit through my “small pelvis.” The day after Alexandra’s delivery, Colleen came to the hospital on Thanksgiving Day to check on us to make sure everything was okay after surgery and delivery. The following day after being discharged from the hospital, Colleen came to our house and helped take care of Alexandra, while my husband and I needed to catch up on much needed sleep.Colleen was our rock during this stressful time and I cannot thank her enough for helping us “keep it together.”We refer to Colleen as our guardian angel. 


Alyssa Joy Lewis8/14/2014I was so impressed with Colleen when we first met her. She was very knowledgeable about the birth topics that were important to me, and I knew that she supported my birth preferences. She was extremely professional, personable, and available. I could always call her to talk. She provided me with what I needed to know to make informed decisions. She was also so kind to check in with me regularly to ask how I was feeling, and to make sure I was taking care of myself.I wanted to have as natural a birth as possible in a hospital setting, without pain medication or interventions. But when I was almost fully dilated and my water hadn’t broken yet, I started to doubt I wouldn’t be able to hold out much longer. I started asking if it was too late for pain relief. Colleen explained an option that was more in line with what I wanted, and that wouldn’t require medication. I decided to do it and am so glad I did. I don’t think I would have made the same choice without her advice and support. She played a major role in our birth experience, the result of which was our beautiful baby boy!After delivery, Colleen came back to our house to check in, to help me and baby latch, and to encapsulate my placenta. I love that she was certified to do the placenta encapsulation because it was something I was really interested in doing. She went over all the great benefits with us and I was all the more convinced I should do it. She was very thorough. She came to the house with all of the equipment and made sure everything was done properly, from the preparation to the finished product. And she made sure I understood how to take them. Even after this was all done, she checked in with me to see how things were going. And she sent us a little photo album of the pictures she’d taken! What a nice gift for us to remember our special day! Overall, a great experience with Colleen.Wonderful doula, wonderful lady.


Lea Toussas7/15/2014I met Colleen two weeks before my scheduled c-section. I was looking for post partum help once I was home with my newborn. I knew instantly that this was who I wanted to be with me an my new baby during this time.  Colleen would follow up with me all the time sending me helpful tips etc... as my due date approached. She was always concerned with how I was feeling.When I left the hospital I could not wait for her to come to my home. I really needed the support.Colleen provided me with so much help and knowledge when it came to breastfeeding my baby. She also gave me so much support and comforting during my brief 'baby blues' period which lasted a week after I came home form the hospital.  She made me feel so much better she always had a postive attitude.  Most of all, the love she gave to my newbown was as though she was part of the family. She also was so loving with my three year old son who was having a difficult time adjusting to the new baby. I don't know what I would have done without her.  The best thing I did was hire Colleen without a doubt.


Jamie Towle6/29/2014Colleen was an amazing doula for the birth of our first baby.  I was a little skeptical about hiring a doula at first, but after talking with friends and famiy, I decided having a doula would ease my anxieties about labor and birth. I hired Colleen 24 hours before I went into labor.  She was by my side every step of the way and was so supportive to both my husband and me during the entire process.  She was professional, knowledgable, caring.  Hiring Colleen as a doula was the one of the best decisions we made.After the birth of our baby, we hired her as a postpartum doula.  She cooked and cleaned for us as well as answered any questions I had about the baby and breastfeeding.  I highly recommend Colleen to any mom (and dad) looking for support during labor and birth and beyond.


Haley McCarthy5/11/2014Colleen was a wonderful doula and I highly recommend her services. For a first time Mom I had no clue what to expect but Colleen's personal and professional experience boosted our confidence. My labor was very quick for a first time and with the help of Colleen and my partner we were able to get through a very quick and intense experience while still meeting our birthing goals. It was great to have non-judgemental, kind and caring support available to my during the end of my pregnancy as well as labor and delivery.Thanks Colleen!!!


Stephanie Pearson4/30/2014This past weekend I delivered my first child...A healthy baby boy. I contacted Colleen to be my doula in my 7th month of pregnancy. From the beginning she was prompt with communication. She met with me for an interview and 3 other times before my delivery: To discuss my birth plan and teach me the techniques we would use during labor to keep things calm and smooth. From the moment I met her I felt comfortable and safe in her care. She listened clearly and respected all my wishes while also giving me information which better informed me and enabled me to add some things to my plan that I wouldn't have known were possible without her. Not once did I ever feel judged for my decisions--only supported completely. My membranes broke before I went into labor and things didn't go exactly how I had hoped. She kept me calm and focused regardless. She was absolutely 100% my advocate at the hospital. I wanted a doula so that I would have a voice in the event that I wasn't able to get what I needed on my own, and I had exactly that. She was persistent with my requests to the nurses. I truly believe without that persistance my requests would not have been made a priority. She also made my husband her partner and I know he had a beautiful experience as a result. I am so grateful that I had her with me and I wouldn't change a thing. Thank You Colleen!! --Stephanie, Jim, and Baby Liam.


Jonathan David and Mary Nalubega1/22/2014We were referred to Colleen by an nurse who taught our birthing class at St Mary's hospital in Waterbury, CT. We met with Colleen multiple times and really got to know her and her style. She taught and trained us on breathing techniques, labor positions, stages of labor, how to use birthing ball. With her assistance we were able to complete a birth plan and list of item to make the experience as enjoyable and relaxing for Mom as possible. She gave us a lot of confidence and courage going into the experience. The night before the Birth,m she came to our hotel and guided us through pre-labor and labor. We helped really calm Mom, running a bath and helping with breathing. She was essential to us getting successfully through Labor and to the hospital. Everything she taught us came in handy and was a big part of our successful birth. She helped with the initial skin--to-skin contact and first latch on. With her guidance, Mom was able to successfully breastfeed within an hour and half after birth. Since arriving home, she has been even more essential to us. She has helped as a Lactation consultant, helping us try to establish successful breastfeeding techniques and schedule. She was so incredibly calming and reassuring to Mom, helping her deal with the emotions, hormones, joy, confusion and all that goes along with the birth experience. She will continue with us for a few weeks and we're so thrilled to have her. She has a great way with Mom, shes a natural mother and great with our daughter, and she clearly enjoys her work/role. I would recommend her and her services to anyone considering using a Dula.