DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Elizabeth Guerra, RYT, CLC

Danbury, CT  Service range 75 miles

Birth Fee

$2600 to $2900

Postpartum Rate

$65 to $75

CONTACT ELIZABETH VIEW ELIZABETH'S AVAILABILITY

Whitney8/12/2023Liz was a wonderful support in my pre and post labor experience. She was flexible in providing the level of support I needed and at times that worked for me and my partner. She did not pass judgements on my birth plan nor push me to prescribe to her own philosophies. This was important to me as it was my big fear in bringing in a doula. She did however, teach us about hypnobirthing which I used alongside of an epidural. I really don't know how I would have been so confident as a first time mom without Liz. No one else was able to be as honest and real as her when it came to what to expect and how to handle post-natal healing.


Laura Lopez-Aybar8/7/2023We loved working with Elizabeth for our homebirth. She was helpful from the moment we hired her as our doula and she is now our friend. She was supportive, responsible, caring and compassionate throughtout our pregnancy, labor and postpartum. She respected my wishes and also my husband by asking him what support he needed and treating him in an equitable manner. During our birth she brought me treats, helped me manage pain, kept me nourished and hydrated,helped me focus, communicated with our midwife and my mom (who attended as well). She remained with us for about 12 hours between labor, birth and the immediated postpartum. She also encouraged me to move, kept my spirits high and instilled hope and calmness. After the birth, she helped clean our space and prepare it for the immediate post-partum, she prepared my placenta pills and also supported me in my breastfeeding journey. We highly recommend her to anyone desiring and needing support, knowledge and a calming compassionate presence. 


Tilly Grimes6/12/2023Liz was an incredible support, guide and cheerleader through our pregnancy, birth and postpartum. Always responsive via text and available for all the crazy questions that came up for us on our first pregnancy/birth. She has a warm, kind abd loving disposition abd is a terrific listening. She helped us learn both the practicalities of birthing and the empowerment of it. She was a huge help as we went through the process of figuring out and learning about the birth experience and supporting our voice with the doctors at the hospital.Our birth was beautiful and I'm sure in large part to feeling so informed, empowered, safe and supported. She's become an extension of our family and cannot recommend her enough. If we were to have another little human I would hope liz would be a jet to join the journey.


Valery Trinidad6/26/2020My experience with Elizabeth is one that I will never forget. She guided me through contractions and helped me with exercises to help my baby get into position. She was able to guide my mother and husband with ways to help me labor as I wanted them close.  She explained to them how to rub me and what would help, keeping her focus on my needs and always being steps ahead. By the end of the day I was so exhausted - I told her I felt like I needed to sleep so she comforted me, put on some soothing music, made sure I was as comfortable as possible while she slept beside me. In the early morning my contractions began to highten and began to get really close to each other so Elizabeth knew it was almost time. We headed to the birthing center where my midwife recommended I do a Miles Cricut. HARDEST THING I'VE EVER DONE LOL! Again, Elizabeth guided me through each exercise. During one of the exercises I felt the need to push. I knew what it was and Elizabeth quickly called over the midwife who checked and felt my babys head. It was time! My pushing began and Elizabeth read the room and yet again guided my husband to help me! Elizabeth stayed a few hours after birth and coached me on my new baby. I really feel that if it wasn't for Elizabeth I may not have had such an amazing experience with my labor. She was able to detect my needs and didn't make any moves without consulting me first. I truly felt as if Elizabeth managed my support system to better assist me at a time where I wasnt even sure of what I needed. My experience with her was nothing short of amazing and I would highly Recommend her to any mother who is interested in a doula. I hope to work with her again someday when I have my second child!   thank you Liz!!! 


Stephanie Rodriguez6/24/2020Having Elizabeth as my doula was probably the smartest decision I made during my pregnancy as a first time mom. She was such a calming and reassuring presence and kept me grounded during my labor. We communicated really well and she had this sense of what to do without me asking. I felt comfortable at every stage with her support and the way that she advocated for me with my birth team. She continuously offered support and follow up through in-person check-ins, and text + calls, particularly once I was in my third trimester which I found really helpful. She guided me through a birthing plan that related to my personal needs, and above all was really knowledgable on all the series of questions that I had throughout the process. She used a lot of massages and exercise techniques with me that helped my long labor. Most importantly she kept me calm and focused when we had to shift plans during the labor and I cannot thank her enough for being there for me literally every step of the way. Elizabeth is genuinely kind-hearted, has an amazing laughter, a brilliant mind, but above all, she connected me to my instincts to trust my body to do what it needed to do. We have become closer because of this new mom journey and I think she would be a phenomenal doula to any mom. 