DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
5 TESTIMONIALS

Emily Reisner

Doula Luna

Burlington, CT  Service range 50 miles  In order to best serve you, it's best for me to be able to get to you within 1.5 hours of time. We can discuss location details.

https://www.doulalunact.com/

Birth Fee

$1200

CONTACT EMILY VIEW EMILY'S AVAILABILITY

Tamra Swope8/7/2023My husband and I just gave birth to our first child.  As most upcoming new parents, I imagine, we were starting to get nervous and question so many things after attending our first birthing class. We quickly decided we needed more support and assistance, especially for the "Big Day".We connected with Emily through Manchester Hospital around 35-36 weeks of pregnancy. Emily turned out to the be the blessing my husband needed the day our daughter was born. (And also mine because my husband didn't freak out.)Emily was able to provide calmness and support when my husband was unsure how to help and support me through labor and delivery. She provided answers to all questions, suggestions/reminders on our options and how my husband could assist in pain management, and so many other things to ensure the pushing process would be effective for me.We recommend doula support now and the excellent care of Emily.


Brittney5/30/2023Working with Emily was a great blessing. She came to my house a few times to meet us, answer our questions and to help me with my birth plan. At the birth she met us at the hospital and was so encouraging right from the start. She stayed with us and helped me to get through many hours of labor. We were so grateful to have her there for our first labor. After the birth she brought us dinner and we got to spend some more time together processing the whole experience. She was very supportive and encouraging!


Mikaela3/7/2023It was almost a year ago that my husband & I found out we were expecting our first child. I knew that we wanted extra support. A good friend of mine, Abbey Lombardi who had previously had her first, had hired Emily to help support them. I knew that I too wanted something similar for our journey. With my past & present of anxiety & depression, I had been going to talk therapy regularly & knew how much that had helped me in my preparation with getting pregnant. Knowing how much trauma can happen to the mind & body when giving birth, I knew I was going to reach out to Emily to see if we were a good fit. Within minutes of our first zoom call, I knew it was a match. When the time came for meeting in person, it was like we'd known one another for years. She not only heard my concerns & wishes for the big day, but listened to each fear & addressed then head on with solutions or ways to cope. The birth of my daughter was beautiful with mitigated stress thanks to Emily. The balance & peace that she provided for both me & my husband was beyond what I expected. It was everything we needed. She cried with me as we all realized that I would not be able to deliver vaginally as hoped, but instead need a c-section to get my daughter earthside safely. Since my daughter was born 2 days before Christmas & we were still in the hospital, Emily came back on Christmas day bringing us gifts & homemade cinnamon rolls. She talked with me about how things were going as she held our beautiful baby girl. 2 weeks after being discharged, Emily brought us a home cooked meal & once again checked in on how things were going. I'm almost 11 weeks postpartum now; Emily's love & care for my family is a truly beautiful & special one that I hold dear to my heart. There is no doubt in my mind that when the time comes for baby number 2, Emily will be one of the first people I call & ask to have with me for that birth.


Allie Weiner1/12/2023Emily was wonderful as a doula and support person prior to and during the birth of our first child. She is  easy going, but is strong to remember a birth plan and helped me make some tough choices during a long labor. Emily also helped coach my partner to support me along the way. Very happy with our experience!


Kara Studenski1/3/2023We were matched with Emily through our hospital's doula program, and we immediately knew she would be great for us. She's got a calm personality that made us feel comfortable right away. Emily answered any questions we had throughout the pregnancy and she was there for us when I gave birth. It was amazing to have her in the room with me, especially when the contractions became more intense. She used positive affirmations, reassurances, and reminders of why I wanted the birth I was having. She was also great at explaining the stage of labor I was in so I could know why certain things were happening and have a sense of where we were at. She was altogether a positive force to have in the room and I would absolutely partner with her again if we have a second child. 