DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
5 TESTIMONIALS

Hannah Valley Miller

Hannah The Doula

New Britain, CT  Service range 35 miles  Additional fee for postpartum clients over 20 miles away.

8608404197

https://www.hannahthedoula.com

Birth Fee

$1200 to $1600

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $50

Availability Remarks: Open availability for overnights beginning mid-August. Min 2, max 4 nights per week.

CONTACT HANNAH VIEW HANNAH'S AVAILABILITY

Kate McKay6/18/2022Hannah was exactly what my husband and I needed to help us feel confident throughout my pregnancy and the birth of our baby! We wanted a calm, gentle, low intervention birth and she was able to educate us on how best to achieve these goals and help advocate for it at the hospital. We truly can’t imagine if we’d had to do it without her. I was able to achieve my dream birth because she empowered me to take control of my birth experience and empowered my husband to be the best birth partner!!! She also came in the first few weeks postpartum to help out around the house, answer baby questions, make me feel confident with breastfeeding, and listen to me vent! It was incredibly helpful and eased us into life with a new baby!


Jenna3/28/2022We had an incredible experience working with Hannah as our doula. She has such a calming presence that I noticed as soon as I met her, which was crucial for having the peaceful hospital birth that I had envisioned. She was great at advocating for my wishes for an unmedicated hospital birth. It was such a magical day and we cannot thank Hannah enough for all of the support and knowledge she provided. I would definitely recommend her working with her!


Eva3/3/2022Hannah was amazingly helpful for my spouse's transition to parenthood since I had to go back to work early. Her presence provided deep insights on how to care for a newborn, such as feeding, burping, sleeping, and bathing techniques. Aside from that she is exceedingly helpful with household tasks, such as cooking, cleaning, and organization. I loved coming home to see the baby clothes and pantry so perfectly organized. Perhaps the biggest benefit is the building of both skill and confidence that we can raise this baby. Thank you, Hannah! 


Christiana Barabe2/5/2022Working with Hannah was one of the best decisions I made during my pregnancy. Her knowledge, empathy, humor, and tremendous skill set equipped me to have an extremely positive birth experience.From pregnancy to birth to postpartum, she was a ray of light, always there with insight and information. I felt deeply cared for and understood by her.I had a hospital birth, during which she was able to keep me informed and clear headed despite hospital staff trying to make changes to aspects of my birth plan and general pushback on many of my requests. My partner and I we were able to make decisions quickly, efficiently, and with a wealth of knowledge we would not have had without her by our side.Thank you Hannah for guiding me through the most important and beautiful event of my life. I am certain my positive experience was based on having her right by my side the entire time. I cannot say enough wonderful things about Hannah. To say she helped me to feel empowered is an understatement. I recommend her to absolutely anyone. 


Claudine12/6/2020Hannah was a key part to my successful natural birth! Her compassion and caring attitude made my baby's birth a beautiful experience. Her massage techniques were beneficial for pain management and contributed to the reason why I was able to have a natural birth even while being induced. She also gave us the most beautiful gift of capturing the most precious first moments meeting our sweet child! I would highly recommend!! 