DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
3 TESTIMONIALS

Heather Yanovitch

The Doula Granny

Jewett City, CT  Service range 40 miles 

http://thedoulagranny.com

Birth Fee

$1200

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $40

CONTACT HEATHER VIEW HEATHER'S AVAILABILITY

Clarice Del Duca7/10/2023I was so glad to have Heather as my doula. We met a couple weeks before my due date and made a birthing plan for the big day. When I started having contractions and was heading to the hospital around 6am I called her and a few moments after I arrived at the hospital she was there. She was incredible and supportive every step of my labor process (which took over 24 hours) and helped me every way she could, besides advocating for me at the hospital. A very difficult moment for me was when a doctor told me that if I didn’t dilate the final 4 centimeters necessary for birth, I would have a C-section. That made me really desperate and disappointed at myself, since my plan was for a natural birth. Heather was really important at this moment and the final hours before delivery, because she didn’t stop believing I could achieve my goal of a natural birth and didn’t let me give up either, even though I was ready to give up. At the delivery time she helped the nurses and my husband and gave me words of encouragement to keep going. Afterwards she took beautiful pictures of the moment and I’m forever grateful. My husband and I also had a 4-hour postpartum visit where she helped us with house chores and taking care of our new baby. Thank you Heather for everything!


T Murdock7/6/2023I can't recommend Heather's services enough! Heather is one of the most kind and calming individuals I have ever met. Right from our very first meeting, via a phone call, I knew she was someone I would want in my corner during labor as a first time Mom. Her voice and demeaner were so soothing and I immediately felt like I was in good hands. The postnatal visits were so helpful and informative and my husband and I found the information provided to us invaluable. Heather was always very easy to reach, extremely supportive and always a source of comfort throughout the whole process. She was invaluable to me as I made it through the last weeks leading up to labor; always a text away with advice, a pep talk or support. Our labor didn't go any where near as planned and Heather was there through it all, including coming to the hospital in the middle of the night for what turned out to be a false start of labor thanks to induction methods. When I was finally in active labor, Heather was an anchor. She remained calm even when labor became unpredictable and scary to us and was there for the long haul. Knowing someone was there in my corner supporting my wishes was such a huge comfort when things became overwhelming. Although she may be newer to being a Doula, she carries tons of wisdom and confidence that make you feel at ease. I'm so grateful to have found Heather and couldn't be happier with my choice, highly highly recommend!


Marie OLaughlin4/11/2023Heather was very kind, friendly, and helpful. She helped with chores around the house when I couldn't lift anything after having my baby. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for some extra help around the house with laundry, dishes, garbage, or if you need a nap or shower! Thank you Heather!