DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
9 TESTIMONIALS

Jean Molot

Woodbridge, CT  Service range 50 miles  No ferries

Birth Fee

Not specified

CONTACT JEAN VIEW JEAN'S AVAILABILITY

Roxy7/29/2023Jean was a blessing to have during my first birth and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a doula.  I wanted someone to help me advocate for myself; that is exactly what she did.  She reviewed different strategies with me on how to ask the physicians for more information before proceeding with an intervention and how to request time to consider my options.  This was invaluable when complications came up.  But what felt even more impactful was how she was able to help me through labor with breathing, different positions, and creating a positive environment.  Jean's support didn't end after delivery. She stayed with me and my husband in the delivery room for several hours to help us process everything that happened.  She consistently checked in with me to see how I was doing and offer support.  Weeks after delivery, Jean helped me find a wonderful perinatal therapist.  I cannot explain enough how grateful I am to have been matched with Jean.


Brittany4/17/2023Jean was truly a blessing to our family! As first time parents, my husband and I were nervous and uncertain about what to expect. Jean met with us prior to the birth to discuss our birth plan and answer our questions. As soon as we met her, we felt comforted by her warm and calm presence. She went out of her way to check in on us and answer any questions that came up (even postpartum!). Jean made herself available to visit us at home in the evenings. When we went into labor, Jean was immediately available and present (despite having attended a birth just the night before!). When she arrived at the hospital, my husband and I felt the boost of support we needed to realize our ideal birth plan. She advocated for our birth preferences, allowed my husband to be fully present, coached me through breathing, transformed the triage delivery room into a peaceful space, photographed the birth, and even cut our baby’s cord. My husband and I would highly recommend Jean as a doula. We are so very grateful for her!


Kayla Swarni3/3/2023This was our first pregnancy and we couldn't have asked for anyone better! We strongly recommend Jean  for ANYONE looking for a Doula! Let’s just say if it wasn’t for her I don’t think I would have ever been able to go through with a natural birth! From our first phone call I instantly realized how kind, gentle, and knowledgeable she was. I felt an entire sense of relief and relaxation regarding the birth process (and my birth wishes after meeting with her). Having her available 24/7 to text or call with any random questions was very comforting. Jean would always reach out and guide me through the pregnancy process with her knowledge and always had informative responses.  When it came down to giving birth, Jean was there within minutes! My birth was long and she was by my side the entire 24 hours giving me nothing but positive, calm, and gentle vibes. She also gave me reassuring thoughts and breathing techniques from start to finish. Hiring Jean was priceless and had completely fulfilled my expectations from start to finish. I wouldn’t have wanted anyone else to be part of our journey into welcoming our baby boy, she was an absolute blessing and such a wonderful soul!! 


Jarissa2/28/2023Jean is a wonderful Doula. I cannot say enough good things about her. Her attitude and passion for her job was very clearly displayed on our first meeting. I felt so comfortable with her as soon as we met. She is so warm and very knowledgeable. Her communication with me throughout my pregnancy was great and even after. Jean was extremely helpful and attentive helping me manage my fears and anxiety before my planned Csection and I don't know what I would have done without her and her support. She helped me communicate with hospital staff and she had so many tools and suggestions that I never would have thought about or known about without her. Jean is truly the best. My family and I are blessed and feel very grateful to have her be part of our story.


Julie Nguyen1/4/2023Jean was a wonderful birth doula. She is caring,patient, reliable, emotionally present, passionate, flexible, empathetic, professional, non-judgmental, and humble. She is professional at supporting all aspects of my health: emotionally, mentally , psychologically and physically. She makes a big difference in my life by helping me to make wise choices for the Birth plan, and therefore I was able to deliver a healthy beautiful baby with minimal pain. We feel extremely grateful and lucky to have Jean as our birth doulas. Jean is a major contributor to my postpartum healing. My baby always stays calm and happy with Jean holding her. You are the best!!!! We ?? love you and thank for your support                                 


Michelle Marinaccio12/3/2022Jean is a sweet angel who walked into the room and calmed me down immediately. Her calm and warm energy is infectious. I am so greatful to have Jean with me during my vbac birth. She truly made my birth experience a memorable one. I would recommend Jean to any Momma!!


Madeline (Elaine) McDonough11/7/2022After a traumatic first delivery, Jean offered gentle guidance, love, and patience until I felt ready to give birth again. Even when things with my twin pregnancy turned urgent and I had to have a C section, she was there to help me navigate the big feelings. She had flameless candles and essential oils being diffused in pre op and rubbed my back, helping me speak up as the dozens of providers came in and out to prep me. She helped advocate for a gentle cesarean, and hugged me tightly before I went into the OR to meet my babies. Even when they whisked away my tiny IUGR girl away, and my son was having trouble transitioning, I was able to surrender and trust the doctors. Trust in anyone had been impossible when I met Jean. I had to surrender to many things that I said didn't want while planning for their birth, but I was able to remember all the conversations I'd had with Jean and allow the providers to care for us. Thanks to Jean helping me stay focused on their health and the positives, instead of feeling anger when I couldn’t nurse right away, I was grateful I had expressed colostrum for them and happy that they were fed. I let the walls fall away. When I was able to go to our recovery room with both babies in my arms, Jean got to hold them, and take pictures of my son's first latch, of him snuggling my partner while I held my baby girl. She took an experience that could have been traumatic for me, and helped me see all the beautiful things instead. I felt joy, peace, trust and safety. She held me together through a difficult pregnancy, held me before the surgery, and held me after. I felt deeply cared for by Jean. I am eternally grateful for her.


Rebecca8/19/2022I had Jean as my doula with the birth of my second child after having a traumatic labor/delivery with my first. During this pregnancy I knew I was going to need the extra support, someone with knowledge/expertise, and someone to advocate for me in ways my husband and I could not. I am SO glad we picked Jean. She is so compassionate and invested in her clients, I knew I could trust her. During my labor/birth she helped me in so many ways, including putting me in positions to help me labor and push the baby further down, she helped me make medical decisions i was sure about and helped me relay my questions to the team, and when I was delivering the baby she was the one who suggested a position that ultimately allowed the baby come out! Overall, Jean was the best choice for me and my husband for this birthing experience. If you choose her you will not regret it. She makes you feel like you're her only client. Thank you Jean!


Jennifer Pazmino7/13/2022Jean was an absolutely kind, loving and guiding doula. I don't think I could have done it without her. Im very thankful for everything that she has done for me. I have been going through a hard time through my marriage and pregnancy, but Jean was always there for me. Counseling me on being emotionally, mentally and physically healthy for the sake of my baby. I am blessed to have had her in my pregnancy journey and delivery room. I could not done it without her through on the days when I could not eat solids and my contractions on and off. She helped me not lose sight off my pregnancy and my baby. She questioned all the unanswered questions I had to the doctors and nurses. The hardest part was accepting that I had to have a C-section and Jean was so nurturing that everything was going to be okay no matter what happens as long as the baby is safe. Unfortunately my husband could y not be there for me emotionally, mentally and physically, but I had the best doula. Jean not only filled in when my husband was absent on supporting me through my pregnancy, she was loving and words could not describe how thankful I truly am. When baby Preston grows up I will always remind him how brave I was during my pregnancy and delivery because I had the best support from Jean. So again without Jean I could not have done it. Thank you for giving me a great, loving and kind doula. 