DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
10 TESTIMONIALS

Jenn Porter

Tranquility Doula Services

Gales Ferry, CT  Service range 50 miles

8607106827

http://www.tranquilitydoulact.com

Birth Fee

$1300

Postpartum Rate

$30 to $35

CONTACT JENN VIEW JENN'S AVAILABILITY

Jessica B10/29/2021Jenn is phenomenal! And was an integral part of my birth team, I swear I couldn't have done it without her, and will definitely hire her again for any future babies. Even my husband, who initially thought "why do we even need a doula?" (having never heard the term before) still talks about how awesome she was. We had planned a homebirth, that didn't go at all how we had planned. But Jenn was there for it, for the 18 hours laboring at home, the 20 hours laboring in the hospital, the ultimate C-section and the post op recovery. she advocated for us in all spaces. She helped us understand this unfamiliar territory of labor and delivery and parenthood. She helped us understand where exactly things went awry with our birth plan, and made us feel safe and confident in deviating from the plan and doing what we needed to get our baby out safely. She was available for any questions and concerns I had throughout my pregnancy and postpartum, and she even taught us Spinning Babies techniques AND how to cloth diaper (at our request). She held space for us as needed, and served us while honoring our own beliefs and preferences-something I sadly find uncommon in healthcare these days. Jenn is a wealth of knowledge, and an asset to any birth team. I'd definitely recommend her- anyone who hires her will be lucky to have her in their corner. 


Jessica H.10/29/2021I knew I wanted a doula long before I was pregnant. However, like many husbands, mine was skeptical. We hired Jenn and she brought a wonderful balance of knowledge, empathy and humor. Jenn worked seamlessly with the three, yes three, staff turnovers while I labored. She offered me comfort, position ideas, helped me cope when I’d lose focus, but most importantly she supported my husband so he could help me. My labor was long and difficult,but with Jenn’s support, I walked away with an incredibly positive birth experience. Jenn was the cherry on top of my birth team.  If you are contemplating a doula, get one, and better yet, hire Jenn. My husband agrees too.    


Lindsey8/21/2021Jenn is amazing. As soon as I went into labor with my son she was there and ready to go. She is an amazing advocate. Nurses tried pushing their opinions at the hospital and she stood up for me. Regardless of your birth plan she will do whatever it takes to stick to it. Jenn never talks down to you, but you can tell she's incredibly knowledgeable. I would use her again in a heartbeat. 


Catherine D7/24/2021When I got pregnant I knew right away I wanted to hire a doula. Having done my research and learning a doula's role, I set out searching for a good fit for me and my husband. My husband was skeptical at first, and within our first meeting with Jenn he was on board and thankful to have her as a part of our circle for such a momentous moment. My labor was hard, long and eventful. I labored a majority of the time unmedicated and it was hard. I will fondly remember Jenn cradling my face with her hands and warmly talking me through intense contractions. Jenn listened to my hopes for my labor and the atmosphere I desired and made it happen flawlessly. Not only was she a support for me, she was a huge support for my husband. Reading when he needed her and helping use her guidance as needed to also support me. If you are looking for a doula, Jenn is absolutely best choice. She supports your wishes and helps you to remember how strong you are. The empowerment she brings to the table is immeasurable. We are forever grateful for having her there with us. 


Jaimie5/29/2021Working with Jenn was an amazing experience and I am so happy that I was able to meet her, work with her, and ultimately become friends with her! When it came time to choose a doula, Jenn was the standout amongst all the other ones due to her prior experience with different types of births and the fact that we just '"clicked." She made me feel incredibly at ease and I felt like alot of stress got immediately lifted from my shoulders once she became my doula. With my husband being away on deployment for the majority of my pregnancy, and then when he returned home he was working long hours at the shipyard, I was worried that something may happen and that I would have to figure out what to do all by myself. However, once we started working with Jenn, I didn't feel alone anymore and knew that she was just a phone call or text message away! She was super responsive and I appreciated that she would come to our apartment instead of me having to drive all over to meet up with her. When the big day came and my son's birth ended up being a lot more of a traumatic experience than I had ever planned for, Jenn was there by my side the whole time and helped explain all the different procedures the doctors were doing and when I ultimately had to get a C-Section to get my son out safely, she waited in my room for me until I got back and was one of the first ones to see my son. Working with Jenn was like a breath of fresh air and if I was still living in CT, I would for sure want her to be by my side again if I had another kid! :)


Kayla Perina2/3/2019My husband and I reached out to Jenn after my sister recommended her. I also happened to go to High school with her but hadnt really kept in touch much since then. I am so thankful to have had her there for the birth of my son and throughout my pregnancy. She was always available to answer any questions I had. Having her there once I was in labor gave my husband a chance to rest for a bit after almost 20 hours of labor. She also supported me through getting an epidural and my C-section. I was very fortunate that the hospital allowed her and my husband into the OR with me. After delivery she helped me with latching my son and breastfeeding. She was available through texts over the next several weeks to help and support me with my Breastfeeding journey and all those new mom questions that seem to arrise. My son is now 2.5 months old and we still stay in touch. I highly recommend Jenn, her professionalism and knowledge as well as her emotional support during the toughest 26 hours of my life made my birth experience so much easier.


Alysse LaPointe11/27/2018After my cesarian for my first child, i knew immediately that i would want to try to have a vbac for my second child. Jenn was a pillar of strength during my c section, so i knew i had to have her on my team for my vbac. She was, once again, an invaluable asset. She shared information, statistics, and tips during my pregnancy that reinforced my decision. She was there for me when my family told me i couldnt do it, or that it was too dangerous to try. She helped me navigate 3 weeks of false labor. And when the time came for my vbac, jenn supported and encouraged me from start to finish. She kept me calm and focused, talked me through transition when i thought i was dying, and helped us welcome our second daughter into the world. Jenn even helped hold my breast to feed my newborn while i was loopy and being stitched up. She wasn’t just our doula, she has become family to us and we are so grateful to have had her present for the best days of our lives.


Desiree Lacerda10/10/2018Let me start off by saying I couldn't have gone through my labor without Jenn by my side. As soon as I had decided to have an all-natural birth, I knew immediately I wanted Jenn to be my birth doula, and she was everything I needed by my side, and more. Upon signing up with her, I knew I was going to be taken care of and have an amazing experience. She was able to take the anticipation and fear out of an all-natural birth and assure me I could do it. She was my coach, friend, and support through the entire process. I ended up having a long active labor and she never left my side. She was right there with her essential oils, breathing and movement techniques, and massages. She held me while I was in the middle of contractions and didn't think I could stand or squat anymore. She gave me encouragement and determination. She also kept my husband calm and engaged, and deciphered anything the nurses and doctors were trying to tell me while they were the last thing I wanted to concentrate on. I seriously couldn't have had the all-natural labor I wanted without you, Jenn. Thank you!


Rebecca Shea1/11/2017Jenn is as compassionate as she is knowledgeable. I trusted her to give me accurate info--AND I trusted her to treat my chaotic pregnant lady emotions with respect. She is the perfect blend of understanding and reasonable! No mumbo-jumbo new-age foolishness with her, only proven science and a listening heart. You really can't go wrong with Jenn as a doula! The best of both worlds for sure.


Alysse LaPointe1/6/2017Having Jenn as our doula was undoubtedly the highlight of my high risk and complicated pregnancy (aside from meeting our daughter) . She was there for me at all hours, available for emotional support and to answer all questions I came up with. I asked for a c section after 53 hard hours of labor, and I was full of guilt. Jenn assured me that I wasn't a failure, and even held my hair back when I was sick in the recovery room. She helped me with breastfeeding, even going so far as to come to my home when my daughter was 3 months old following her lip tie revision. We will absolutely be working with Jenn again when we have baby #2, and both myself and my husband would recommend Jenn to anyone in need of a birth and postpartum doula.