DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
25 TESTIMONIALS

Jennifer Dzen

Companions in Birth, LLC

South Windsor, CT  Service range 15 miles

860-490-2300

http://www.companionsinbirth.com

Birth Fee

$1900 to $2100

Postpartum Rate

$40 to $50

CONTACT JENNIFER VIEW JENNIFER'S AVAILABILITY

Beth Ann3/17/2022Jen is a phenomenal doula. She is knowledgeable, warm, and friendly, and I instantly felt comfortable opening up to her about my wishes and worries.During our first meeting, Jen explained her philosophy surrounding birth and asked insightful questions to understand my husband's and my thoughts about how we wanted to labor and birth to go, what things we were comfortable with, and what things we weren't. Throughout the pregnancy she provided support by answering any questions that popped into my head and checking in with me after every prenatal appointment to keep track of how the pregnancy was going. It felt natural to discuss my thoughts and concerns with her as I encountered them and I always felt empowered and respected after talking with her.We had a meeting about a week before going to the hospital during which Jen asked for more detail about our birth plan and personalities. She made well-informed observations and suggestions based on what she was learning about us and we were excited to see her again for the long-awaited event.My birth experience unfortunately did not follow the path we had anticipated, but having Jen by my side at every turn helped me stay calm and grounded through the process of making a series of tough decisions. Jen was attentive, patient, and kind through two days of labor and stayed with us for a little while after the birth to make sure we were all comfortable and happy.Finally we had a post-partum meeting where Jen checked in to see how we were managing our new lives as a family and offered support and advice.We are so grateful to have had Jen with us through the process of pregnancy and birth. She was a fundamental part of our birth experience and we couldn't have gotten through it without her. I will always think of her gentle presence when I remember my birth story and I highly recommend her to anyone looking for support during the intensely emotional experience of birth.


Martin S11/24/2021Jenn was amazing! She assisted with at-home labor over the phone at 3AM and helped us decide when it was time to call the midwife and go to the hospital. She arrived at the hospital shortly after and stayed with us for around 24 hours. During that time, she was by my wife's side the entire time. This allowed me to get sleep and not be stressed. My wife had a very long labor and Jenn helped with coping mechanisms and position changes. Even though labor didn't go according to plan, we felt completely supported. During my wife's pregnancy, she was willing to answer the many questions we had as first time parents. She was even dilligent in following up afterwards to see how we were doing. We cannot recommend her enough!


Olivia & Ben10/23/2021Jennifer was absolutely incredible. If you are considering getting a doula, do it and make it Jennifer. We often talk about how different our birthing experience would have been if we didn't have her by our side. We had a long and difficult labor and her support was everything. She was by our side every step of the way. I had to be induced and the night before she spent time educating both of us on what the overall process might look like and helping us mentally prepare for what was before us. During labor, Jennifer kept everything moving along - she helped us to switch strategies and positions to stay positive and focused. She was not only a huge support for me, but an incredible support for my husband as well. She empowered him with positions and ideas to help me get through the toughest parts of labor. He talks about how grateful he was to have her because it allowed him to be an active participant rather than sitting in the corner not knowing how to help me.Jennifer is professional, incredibly knowledgeable, willing to pivot with what your needs are in the moment and just an overall comforting presence to have. We can't say enough positive things and could not be more grateful to have had her with us. Thank you so much, Jennifer!!!


Chelle Morrill6/30/2021I find myself struggling to put into words the value of having Jen as our doula. If you work with her you gain an incredible friend and angel for you precious bundle. When we say she is the absolute best, we mean it! As first time parents we were not sure what to expect and after we worked with Jen, as a couple, we confidently walked into that delivery room. Her kind, gentle, welcoming demeanor allows you to connect with her immediately. The providers and nurses even breathe a sigh of relief when you say she is your doula. Jen is passionate about what she does and her expansive knowledge is incredible. No matter what question, concern, or complication arises she has encouragement, support, solutions, and patience. Dads, she is your strength also. My husband has told all of us his Dad friends that Jen was there to empower him, and he would undoubtedly have her next to him for all our deliveries. Her patience to coach and calm a nervous Dad is impressive! Jen provided labor practice scenarios with us and made sure my husband felt confident in his skills and role during delivery. She is a blessing in every sense! 


Lori R6/30/2021Choosing Jennifer as part of my birthing team was the best decision I made.  You should do the same, she is a special person gifted in her work as a doula.  She radiates passion for her work and will extend this to you along with her warmth and easy going nature.  Jennifer is compassionate, supportive, kind and extremely knowledgeable. Words alone do not capture just how amazing she is.I have a difficult time asking for help, Jennifer was intuitive about this and checked in on me regularly throughout my pregnancy to ease any anxiety that came up and address my questions.  Her presence provided me with such comfort and confidence during a vulnerable time.   My birth didn't go as planned, which potentially could have been traumatic.  She listened to my concerns, helped me find my voice and walked my husband and I through all of it.  I am full of gratitude for Jennifer.  I highly recommend her as a birth doula.


Zuzana Kudernatschova6/29/2021We were lucky to be paired up with Jennifer through the ECHN preferred doula services. After our initial interview, we knew Jennifer was going to be a perfect fit to assist us with delivering our second son. Jennifer is very passionate about her job and it truly shows.  During my pregnancy and postpartum, Jen was always prompt to discuss my concerns, answer any of my questions or just simply chat when I needed it (and I did frequently). She went above and beyond to make sure I had all the information needed to make the best decision. I couldn’t imagine my labor without her by my side. Jennifer utilizes a variety of different tools to assist during labor, however the most valuable of all is her intuition. She knew exactly when to give me space and when to be by my side as if she had known me for years. Her calm presence was only an addition when labor got intense. I would recommend Jennifer to any of my friends or family. Being a doula is definitely what she was meant to do. 


Marsha5/26/2021I cannot recommend working with Jennifer Dzen enough. We worked together in preparation for my birth, at my birth, and postpartum. Working with Jennifer through all three stages was wonderful, and the continuity of care made the whole experience exceptional.During ther prenatal period, Jennifer was a great resource to ask questions and work with on what to expect. She reassured me through weeks of prodromal labor. During my labor and delivery, Jennifer helped so very much in keeping me calm, constantly reassuring me and thinking of new positions and ways to labor to keep me comfortable. She was such a huge resource and helped me achieve an epidural free birth. As a postpartum doula she helped me keep my household going, provided wonderful care and support during this transition to a larger family. Jennifer is warm and caring, and is a great addition to anyone's birth team or postpartum support team! 


Samantha4/29/2021My birth experience with my first child was difficult and so I knew as soon as I was pregnant with my second that I wanted to have a doula at the birth. From our first phone call, Jen was so supportive and immediately made me feel heard - she validated my past birth experience in a way that no one ever had before and I knew then that she was a perfect fit for us. During the pregnancy, Jen was always there for advice and support. Even though we only met virtually because of the pandemic, we quickly built trust, which just speaks to the wonderful person that Jen is. I ended up having to be induced. I’d heard scary stories about Pitocin and feared I wouldn't be able to have the unmedicated birth that I wanted. With all of this, it was having the knowledge that Jen was coming to support us that gave me courage and comfort. During labor, Jen knew exactly what to do to help. Jen has this really beautiful way of helping - she is there with all of her extensive knowledge about labor and birth, and at the same time creates space for what you need as an individual. She knew when to give us options for different labor positions and comfort measures and she also intuitively knew when I needed her to just step in and act. This was during the peak of labor and pushing. Even though I was overcome and immersed in the experience, I very clearly remember Jen by my side. She had cool towels for my forehead (so helpful) and her voice and words of encouragement grounded and comforted me so so much. I will never forget that. Jen is an outstanding doula and person. She is so kind and her presence is incredibly comforting. My partner and I feel very lucky to have had her with us. She is a big reason why I was able to have the healing birth experience that I wanted. She also continued to be so supportive and present during my postpartum days, which really helped me. I highly recommend Jen - she would be an amazing addition to your birth team.


Libby W1/25/2021I am not sure there are words to truly express the joy of working with Jen.  After having a rough time with my first birth I found out about doulas and knew if I had a second baby, I would use one.  From the first meeting with her I know she was the one.  She was so warm and compassionate. I felt seen, heard, and supported.  I felt much more confident going into the pregnancy then I did with my first child and after a recent miscarriage.  It really helped me stay calm during stressful times to have her to lean on.  Doctors are busy, spouses do not completely understand but Jen was never too busy and always understood.  She always understood if I was just venting and needed a shoulder to lean on emotionally or if I need guidance and what I might be open to.  I really felt like she understood me and that she gaged her responses to fit my personality.  We also took her birthing class.  Her class was amazing and really helped my partner and I feel prepared for the birth.  She happily went with me on a tour of the hospital when I asked.  She was always willing to find ways to help me feel prepared and comfortable. When it came to the actual birth that was where she really shined.  She supported my partner in supporting me and let him often take the lead but knew when to step in or give him guidance, I loved that she was able to help make him a vital part of the process.  He felt that he was truly able to contribute and support me.  I am not sure I would have made it through an induced labor medication free without Jen.  She is incredibly adaptive and follows your guild to makes sure each family’s experience with her is unique to their needs and wants.  She is a wonderful person that now feels like family and I want her in my life always.  If you are thinking about hiring Jen, I feel I can assure you that you will not regret it for one moment! 


Meg Monroe1/24/2021We cannot say enough about Jen. At the start of our pregnancy, continuous labor support was something we felt would be a "nice to have." After having had our baby, we can confidently say that Jen was an invaluable member of our birthing team, and we could not imagine having had our son without her. Jen's expertise helped us avoid additional medical interventions, and her extensive knowledge of coping strategies helped us succeed in having an unmedicated birth. She worked seemlessly with the staff at the hospital, making sure that we understood all of what was happening around us, both while at the hospital and during the lead-up to our admission. Aside from her coaching and expertise, Jen has a compassionate, friendly demeanor and a quiet confidence, making her a joy to have in our hospital room as our child came into the world. Again, we cannot imagine having had our baby without Jen's guidance, and we are adamant that she be our doula for any future children we are lucky enough to have. Her continuous labor support wasn't just "nice to have," it was "MUST have!"


Kristina Hopkins9/12/2020Jen was one of the best decisions we made during our pregnancy! We didn't anticipate the COVID pandemic when we hired Jen just a couple of months prior to the shut-down but in hindsight, even more of a relief to have Jen by our side given that we could not have additional family members or guests at the hospital. Jen is extremely knowledgable, warm, and personable. It really feels like having your best friend there with you every step of the way, if your best friend happened to know a ton about pregnancy, labor, delivery, and baby care. I really can't say enough good things about Jen. This was our first baby and if we have another down the road I hope to hire her again! 


Laura9/8/2020After having a traumatic birth with our first born my husband and I knew we wanted our second birth to be much different.  I had so much anxiety/fear about giving birth again.  When I first reached out Jen called me right away & listened to my story & gave me so much of her time Before we even hired her. I immediately could tell her heart was in the right place and she truly cared. Jen was so compassionate and empathetic and wanted to do  everything in her power to help us have a healing birth. Jen supported me emotionally all through my pregnancy, helped me to make decisions and supported my choices and was also a great educational resource. She constantly made herself available to me & always got back to me right away- even checking in if I hadn’t reached out in a while.  When I went into labor we felt so comforted knowing she’d be there waiting for us once we got to the hospital and knowing we had someone by our side who knew my fears and what our hopes were for this birth.  I couldn’t have imagined going through labor again without having Jen's guidance & support.  Jen helped to keep us calm and comfortable- massage for my pain relief, set up candles and kept giving me ice chips and a cool cloth during labor.  I can’t tell you the difference all of these things made. It allowed my husband to focus in on me and be present for our birth and kept us calm. I also believe that the resources Jen provided me with throughout my pregnancy helped me to have a shorter and smoother labor and delivery.  Jen went above and beyond her role as a doula. She truly became like family to us and even continued to check in long after delivery. I will always be grateful for the gifts Jen gave us, the healing birth she helped us to have also helped me overcome the trauma of my first birth. We definitely recommend Jen & we really want her to be our doula again next time 


Mark Plourd1/25/2020Jennifer was a true blessing to have as part of our birthing experience. Hands down. No second guesses. From our first consult to the days after the birth of our child... she was 110% dedicated to making sure our experience was special for my wife and I. Jennifer’s words, techniques, experience, and overall presence will make your birthing story special as well. Jennifer brought 17+ years of experience, 100’s of births, and a wealth of education from her teaching background to our home and to the hospital. Jennifer’s work was hands down vital to our story and what she brought to the table blows away anything you could try and read from a google article. Our birthing story is a long one..it involved some unexpected twists and turns.. without Jennifer by our side and in our corner I am not sure how we would of done it. We are forever grateful of her work and you will not be disappointed with the care you receive from her.


Julie Daly Meehan11/15/2019Jen is amazing and made coming home to our 21 month old son after having twin girls via c-section so much more manageable than I *ever* would have imagined. She knows what you need even when you don’t, and she has the most thoughtful and graceful way of following your lead and prioritizing your preferences while also gently making super helpful suggestions.Not only is Jen knowledgeable, hardworking and kind, she’s also both flexible and reliable. She works with you to accommodate the schedule you’re looking for and is always on time.Jen encourages you every step of the way, celebrating each aspect of parenting she helps you to master, which in turn builds the confidence you need raise your tiny human(s). We would have been lost without Jen and feel so lucky to have found her!!


Tristan Hrobuchak9/27/2019My husband and I found out that we were having twins in January 2019.  We were not sure of how to make everything work since both of our families are over a few hours away.  When we reached out to Jen, she immediately gave us ideas on how she could support us after the arrival of our twins.  Our girls were born in July 2019.  We brought in Jen after the initial rush in of our family and she helped us establish a routine and gave us a tremendous amount of helpful tips.  Jen helped us by making meals and snacks for us, developing different approaches to feeding 2 babies at once, helped me figure out how to use different breast pumps, helped by setting up ways to baby wear, did laundry and provided me with some time to catch up on rest.  I look back and I'm not sure I would have made it through those few weeks without her.  She provided this support as well as moral support to build my confidence as a mother.  Jen never pushed her ways on us, but always provided some different approaches that we thought about and choose to or not to implement.  It was extremely helpful given that our families were far away.  I highly recommend bringing in a doula if you do not have immediate family around and highly recommend Jen. 


Emily Chenette8/10/2019From the first moment of first contact with Jennifer she was flexible, accommodating, offering to meet us at our home on a weekend based on our availability, we were both working full time. When she arrived, she was caring, warm. I suffered from postpartum depression after the birth of my first child, was seeking a different and more empowering experience, and my husband was anxiously awaiting the birth of our daughter, his first child. As we talked with her, Jennifer’s demeanor was calm and reassuring. She asked questions and took the time to get to know us and understand our needs, preferences, birth wishes. She clearly explained the role of a doula and her services. We felt a connection right away and were excited to hire her. She checked in via phone and offered to be available for calls and texts anytime during the end of my pregnancy, and offered to come to our home or meet us at the hospital when labor started. I frequently texted her and she was available and very knowledgeable and provided helpful emotional support. She arranged back up support for us with another doula in case another of her clients’ delivery date overlapped with ours. When I was induced I called her to the hospital as contractions got stronger. She arrived promptly, immediately checked in about what we needed. She was mindful about our birth wishes/plan and helped us to have the natural birth experience I was seeking. She worked seamlessly with my midwife, sometimes making suggestions to my husband or my mother (support person), sometimes proving comfort measures such as massage, and positive messages to encourage me during labor. She stayed after the birth for a while at our request. She then checked in for a post partum visit, arranged to visit me at home. We were able to process the birth experience, she brought a small thoughtful gift. We are so grateful for her part in our birth story, helping to make this a healing birth experience. I highly recommend her!


Brittnie Sutton7/26/2019Jen was so amazing. She’s a joy at any time but she really shines on labor Day. :) Jen was so good to me and my family. She knew how to stay a few steps ahead and provide things I wouldn’t have thought of like ice chips when you’re in the birthing tub or a peanut ball between the legs during naps to keep the pelvis open. She even offered food and snacks to my whole family. I loved the way she empowered my husband to be my main support through it all and allowed him to really step forward during the birth. Jen really has that human touch that you can’t teach, it just comes naturally for her.


Jessica7/7/2019I can't say enough about Jen. She was the best decision we made for our birth!!! She taught our birthing classes at my doctors office. Prior to the classes, my husband was not a fan of duolas. He thought they  had were weird and way too into birth,a bit after our classes, he knew we needed her in the room. We had a rough go and she was there with a calming maternal energy every step of the way. There are times during labor where all I remember is Jen's face talking me through the breathes, reminding me that every sensation gets me closet to my baby girl. When I had to get an emergency c-section (it turns out our girl was very sick and needed to be in the NICU for treatment for a week after birth); we were terrified. Jen not only comforted myself, but also supported my husband before, during, and after. She is a part of our family and I couldn't imagine giving birth without her. She truly is a special person and I'm so grateful for her. 


Christine N6/11/2019We were matched with Jen through Manchester Hospital and it was a great match from the start! This was our first baby, and I planned on having a natural birth so I wanted a strong advocate as part of our team in case anything went wrong. In our initial meeting I felt Jen was listening to our desires, and never second guessed the fact that I was committed to a no-drugs birth plan. Once I went into labor, Jen was immediately available and came to the house to observe and reassure us. I ended up being in labor at home most of the day, so we met back up at the hospital - she was there right away and helped guide us through the birth. She gave us extra confidence and support throughout my labor, and it was so helpful to have someone who was there for both myself and my husband so I could strictly focus on the labor. Following the birth of our son, Jen was supportive and checked in with us to make sure nursing was going well and helped reassure me when Leo had a lip tie and tongue tie. Overall we are so glad she was there, and can't wait to work with her again!


Andrea5/14/2019There are no words to describe how wonderful Jennifer is but I will do my best! We hired Jennifer as a postpartum doula when we found out we were having identical twin girls. From the start, she was attentive, caring, knowledgeable, reliabe, easy to speak to, and extremely supportive. She is top notch - if you have a chance to work with her - HIRE HER.Jennifer is an all-around wonderful human being and an amazing doula! She checked in with us frequently during the pregnancy and this type of care and concern continued all the way throughout our time with her. The moment the babies came home she was there to help take care of me, making sure I was fed, rested and took some time for myself. At the same time taking care of the twins and all the chores that come with two babies and preparing dinners for my family. She made our lives so much easier and less stressful while I was learning how to be a mom of twins. The support and guidance which she provided me will always be cherished.She became a part of our family while she was caring for us, at the end of her assignment I cried. If I could have hired her full time to take care of the girls as their caregiver when I returned to work, I would have! She loves being a doula so much, she declined. Even the dog fell in LOVE with her!


Julie Hadden2/13/2019Jennifer was with us for the birth of our 3rd child.   She was amazing.  You'd think we didnt need a doula by our 3rd, but she was invaluable!  She knew what we needed/wanted, sometimes before we did.  Her calm voice what just what both my husband and I needed at times.  She would suggest different positions to help the labor along, and to keep me comfortable.  When my husband was exhausted and wanted a little rest, we both felt at ease with Jennifer right by my side to carry me through.  She didn't just help me, she helped my husband as well.  Husbands can sometimes feel helpless when we are in labor.  She could guide him on ways to support me physically and emotionally.  I would hire her again and again if I had more children.  I hope she is available when my girls have their own babies!


Laura Bujold2/12/2019For the birth of our first child, we did not have a doula.  I wanted a different experience for the birth of our second child and my husband and I looked into getting a doula.When Jen and I met, I knew we would be a good team, especially after hearing how she sees a doula being apart of the birth experience.Jen came to our home to hear about our previous birth experience and our hopes for our next birth experience.  She listened and was very patient.  She was empathetic and gave phenomenal and realistic ideas on how to prepare for the next birth.  My favorite thing that Jen said during our get together was that the second birth experience is usually healing (since my first birth was somewhat traumatic) and she was there to aid in that healing process and advocate for me but also give support for me and my husband as a team.  After her visit, I was so excited because my husband and I had an additional team member that was much more experienced than us and would support and empower us during the birth experience.The week before I delivered, Jen and I communicated daily if not several times a day.  This was so helpful!During the birth, Jen gave several major recommendations that positively affected my birth experience.  Jen recognized things I needed before anyone else recognized them!  It was phenomenal! She empowered me throughout the birth and supported me and my husband.  She told me to let my body do the work and to trust my body.  She was so patient and kind.    I would not have had the same birth experience without Jen.  She is amazing!Jen also followed up post partum.  She again empowered me and validated the feelings I was having post partum.  Jen is an amazing, talented, intelligent, patient and kind woman.  If my husband and I decide to have another child, we will definitely ask Jen to be apart of the birth experience again!


Julie Tetreault11/12/2018My husband and I hired Jen twice for her doula services. When I was pregnant with my 1st I didn’t think I needed the help until we went to a birthing class. It was then I realized my husband isn’t equipped to really help me in labor & I should find someone who has that experience. Unlike a hospital nurse who is busy with other patients, Jen was beside me the entire labor. She understood my birthing plan and encouraged me to have the natural birthing experience I desired. Jen arrived at our home within an hour after my water broke. She helped me labor at home & encouraged me to go to the hospital when it was time. At the hospital she kept me moving (per my request as I didn’t want to be bed ridden). She had me in different positions to keep my labor progressing and tried different pain management techniques to keep me comfortable. She kept conversation going through contractions to keep my mind off the pain. I didn’t expect to do a water birth, but after her recommendation of trying the tub for pain management, I never got out! During active labor, Jen was by my side rubbing my head, comforting and encouraging me. My husband appreciated her calm demeanor and confidence when labor started to get intense. I’m confident Jen’s coaching and skillful eye are why I was able to transition and deliver quickly without meds for both births. Prenatal care she is just as wonderful. She checked in with me after appointments and ultrasounds. She listened to my concerns when I didn't agree with the doctor. She also had lots of home remedies for just about any ailment pregnancy throws your way. Jen is an amazing doula a must if you’re having a baby. You will feel like she’s your longtime friend the way she truly cares about your health, pregnancy, and growing family. She loves what she does which is translated into her work. Highly, highly recommended!!


NANCY FALLETTI10/24/2018I had Jen as my doula for my 4th and 5th babies. I don't know how I got through the first three without her.  Jen is amazing! She was so intuitive to my needs during labor and was the "You can do it" voice when I needed it most, especially during transition. Knowing she had my birth plans and wishes, gave me the confidence that even if I wasn't thinking clearly, she would refocus and remind me and lead me through the many moments. She was truly peace,calmness, clarity and strength I needed. If I were to have another baby, I would not go through the birth process without her with me.  I highly recommend her to any expectant mother to be!


Emily Dolan Gierer10/22/2018I cannot recommend Jen highly enough. We are so grateful for all her wisdom and support during the birth of our daughter. She was everyting we hoped for in a doula and more--she feels like part of our family now. We are first time parents and we really wanted someone who could help explain our options, could translate some of the information from our doctor's appointments, and would advocate for our needs and desires during the actual birth. Jen did all this and more! During my pregnancy, she was always available to answer my questions or calm my fears, responding quickly to all my texts and calls. She always followed up with me after my doctor's appointments to make sure I understood what was going on and helped me figure out what questions I needed to ask at my next appointment. She helped us put together a birth plan and then was completely supportive when we threw the birth plan out the window when I went into labor. She was the comforting, peaceful, reassuring presence I needed in the delivery room--her support, encouragement, and expertise made all the difference for both me and my husband. We also hired Jen as a post-partum doula and she was so helpful during that first weeks at home. We had so many questions and worries about baby care and breastfeeding and she was a wonderful resource, providing us with lots of invaluable information and pointing us in the direction of other experts when we needed them. And she was so thoughtful and kind--when she found out I loved blueberry muffins, she welcomed us home from the hospital with a giant batch of delicious homemade muffins. That is just a snapshot of the kind of loving, thoughtful, personalized care Jen provides. If I am ever pregnant again, one of my first phone calls will be to Jen to make sure she is available to work with us again.