DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
9 TESTIMONIALS

Kaitlyn Reed CD(DONA), CPD(RI)

Deep Waters Doula Services LLC

Oakdale, CT  Service range 100 miles

860-758-2777

https://deepwatersdoula.com/

Birth Fee

$875 to $1750

CONTACT KAITLYN VIEW KAITLYN'S AVAILABILITY

Noura Tuthill8/10/2023My husband and I are beyond lucky to have had Kaitlyn as a doula for our home birth. She was everything we were looking for - informed, supportive, evidence-based, and reliable. She put our minds at ease throughout the whole pregnancy, she answered every single question I had and I trusted her all of her opinions and expertise. My labor went very quickly, from zero to transition in under 3 hours. She stayed so calm even though there was a possibility that our midwives weren’t going to make it. She knew exactly what to do and knew what both my husband and I needed. We absolutely trusted her every step of the way. Her genuine encouragement and gentle touch techniques are what got me through to the end. Having her as our doula made it so that my husband could focus completely on me and our son. We now tell everyone to hire Kaitlyn, she is simply the best. Throughout my whole birth experience, I felt like I was in good hands and with someone who understood how I wanted to labor and how to help me do it almost effortlessly. We love you so much Kaitlyn, thank you for being there for one of the best moments of our life. We couldn’t have pictured anyone else by our side.


Jess Riordan3/6/2023I knew going into my first pregnancy I wanted a doula. As soon as we met Kaitlyn, we knew it had to be her. Right from the start we knew we she would be the right one for us. She has so much knowledge and passion for births. She was there for us from day one. Any random question I had, and there were many, she would help me through. She made me feel welcome to come to her with even the silliest questions. Our birth did not go the way we had planned, but there’s no way we could have done it without Kaitlyn. She talked us through the whole process, and let us know the pros and cons to everything we were going through. She helped us with giving us the tools and information we needed to make the right decisions. I was in labor for 36 hours and she was there the entire time. She didn’t even stop to close her eyes. She even made sure my baby got my colostrum when he was born, when I wasn’t even aware of what was going on around me. We can’t thank her enough for all her help during and after birth. Kaitlyn has become a dear friend to us, and we are so thankful we found her.


Kelsey R1/10/2023I cannot say enough good things about Kaitlyn. Her communication with me all throughout my pregnancy was phenomenal. I felt so comfortable asking her every question imaginable.. and still do! She was so supportive during labor. She had so many tools and suggestions that I never would have thought about or known about without her. She helped me communicate with hospital staff, helped me make decision, discussed pros and cons of every decision with me. And when our delivery did not go as planned and my baby needed to be transferred to a hospital with a NICU Kaitlyn offered to go with my husband so he wouldn’t be alone. She checked on us throughout our whole NICU stay. She takes the phrase “going above and beyond” to a whole new level. Seriously, I could not have made it through my pregnancy, labor, delivery and 4th trimester without Kaitlyn. She is truly the best. We were blessed to have her be part of our story, and now we consider her part of our family!


Michael12/5/2022Going into our birth plans one thing my wife absolutely wanted was a doula. After interviewing several we both settled on hiring Kaitlyn. Her attitude and passion for her job was very clearly displayed upon on our first meeting. When we called to let her know we wanted to move forward she was so excited and from there I think the three of us formed a bond. During my wife's 3 day labor leading to the birth of our child Kaitlyn was there literally every single step of the way. Two days of hard labor, she never slept, never took but a 5 minute break. She consoled my wife, held her, took my place when necessary. She was extremely helpful in recommending position changes, exercises, and making my wife feel empowered. Honestly, I could not seeing doing that WITHOUT Kaitlyn. If you are looking for a doula, seriously look no further. I don't gain anything for leaving this review I did it because I meant every word.My wife and I are grateful to have met Kaitlyn and she will be in our circle for any future births.


Ashley Miller11/9/2022Kaitlyn was our doula for the birth of our first baby and we will be hiring her again for sure for our second! She's was so attentive, knowledgeable, and advocated for us so well during our birth. I would recommend Kaitlyn to anyone looking for a kind, supportive doula! 


Alex-Renee Davies9/21/2022Kaitlyn is a gem. We were coming off of a pretty traumatic birth with our first child, and our second pregnancy came with a lot of uncertainty. While Kaitlyn provided encouragement and emotional support, she also was a wealth of practical knowledge and was able to get baby to move into an optimal position after almost a week of prodromal labor- resulting in a rapid-fire active labor and a successful natural VBAC the same day!


Alisha Oyola8/8/2022Kaitlyn is such a sweetheart! I knew from the moment we met that we clicked and god placed her in our life. She is so warm and very knowledgeable. I used her for my first home birth and second child. She reassured me, made me feel secure, and encouraged me my whole pregnancy. When i was experiencing false labor or i needed support she was always just a text or a phone-call away. She was immensely helpful at my birth and I don’t know what i would of done without her and her support. I would recommend her to any friend of mine. I can’t say enough good things about Kaitlyn. She was there for us in such a special moment in our family’s life and i can’t thank her enough!


Olivia G6/30/2022Kaitlyn has been a friend of mine for years and we were so blessed to have her support and services during my first pregnancy! Although we could not enjoy her in person because we are out of state, we felt like she was right alongside us during our journey via text, phone calls, video chats etc. Her knowledge and encouragement helped me to go into labor feeling like I had the tools and guidance to make the best decisions for myself and my baby! Being my first, there was SO much information around labor that I had never considered, and Kaitlyn was there to answer all of our many questions. She was in constant communication with me as we enjoyed early labor from home before eventually heading into the hospital. Her reassurance that we could continue to enjoy early labor at home allowed us a truly peaceful and enjoyable start to the experience. Like any labor, things didn't go exactly as we had planned, but she was on call and ready to assist us in making the best educated decisions for our experience, and was always ready to let us know the options we had for any given scenario. We welcomed a beautiful and healthy baby girl to the world, and even after birth Kaitlyn was there to check in on us, and share her experiences and tips with us as we adjusted to life with baby. From beginning to end of our journey, she was an absolute gem! Would highly recommend her services and use them again in the future!


Ashley Loy2/12/2022Kaitlyn has been a long time friend. We were both excited when we found out that we were both pregnant and only a day apart with our boys! When I was 17 I lost my mom and Kaitlyn was always by my side. The same holds true, even in different states, throughout my pregnancy. Kaitlyn was always a text, Snapchat, or voice message away from answering any questions I would have. No question or concern was too much to ask! At 20 weeks I learned my son had a cyst in his brain that could indicate a chromosomal abnormality. Kaitlyn was my first call, she kept me calm and although there were no answers she could give me that would take the worry away, it was a blessing to have someone virtually there to support me. I went into labor first and had a hospital birth, everything was beautiful for the first couple of hours and then reality hit. If only postpartum held the same excitement feeling I felt for 9 months. Kaitlyn was in labor at that time and I still felt the love and support that I had throughout my pregnancy. It wasn’t until a month or so after giving birth when she mentioned about becoming a doula and I couldn’t agree more that she would be perfect for that profession! She was doing the work of a doula, virtually, but it didn’t feel like we were 100 of miles apart. If we both were up during the night (throughout pregnancy and postpartum) we would text or Snapchat each other videos of whatever issue we were having. She had advice that I would’ve never thought of. Being that my mom passed away and this was my first pregnancy, I didn’t have that women to go to for advice, to cry to, or just to share our struggles with. Kaitlyn was that person for me, granted she is not my mom but she is someone who would give me honest advice, someone who would wipe my tears through the phone with laughter. She did all this before making it her profession. Her compassion and care make her the best choice for anyone to choose her to be their doula