DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Miriam Hurvitz

Glowing birth

Stratford, CT  Service range 80 miles  Travel Fee is added

http://www.glowingbirth.net

Birth Fee

$2500 to $3000

Postpartum Rate

$65

Black Doula

Availability Remarks: Minimum 4h for daytime Minimum 8h for overnight

CONTACT MIRIAM VIEW MIRIAM'S AVAILABILITY

Alana Resnick7/11/2023Miriam was respectful, responsive, and helpful during our first month home with our newborn. She ensured that everyone in our family slept, including baby! Miriam always asked what she could do for us, made sure our son was cared for, and left our home tidier than when she arrived. She would be a loving doula to any family! 


Krista7/5/2023Miriam has been an intricate part in my postpartum journey. Her skills and passion for her work are unmatched. She is so gentle with my daughter and has helped my husband and I navigate the ins and outs of being first time parents. Her guidance and support has helped me gain confidence in my skills as a first time mom. I would highly recommend her to anyone during their pregnancy journey. 


Rachelle7/4/2023     My experience with Miriam was remarkable. She was there by myside the whole time. She's professional, kind, she shared important information with me, she's reliable, she did not get intimidated by whoever walked in that room. She asked questions when I did not have other questions to ask, she advocated for me when I didn't have the strenght or the courage to spoke for myself sometimes. One example I can share. My labor got complicated real quick and I was in excruciating pain. The doctors walked in to explain the procedure that would take place in the next few minutes. I said "okay" with my eyes closed and seemed to be out of it a litle bit. Miriam said " Rachelle repeat back what the doctors just explain to you in your own words just to make sure you really understand what the doctors explained." I was moved by what Miriam said because then in my mind I thought the doctors should picked that up when it comes to doctor patien relationship, but they were too busy trying to save my life and my unborn child and get the best outcome as possible which I am so greatful for. By God's grace the team did an amazing job. Miriam made sure that I was fully aware and understood for myself what was going on. The pros and cons. She knew when to jump in at the right momment. Miriam was amazing, she was like a second sister to me.     I got Miriam during the last few weeks of the third trimesmester. Boy she was on point with everything. She worked with me considering  my busy schedule. She's very flexible. She saw me in person a few times. We did video calls. She checked on me, when my phone was acting up and when she could not reached me, she called my husband, just to make sure I was okay. We were in constant communication. It was my first experience with a doula during my second pregnancy and Miriam did not disappoint.


Brittnee Pettaway6/29/2023My Time With Miriam From the beginning was amazing. She is really down to earth and very relatable. She was super sweet and took the time to get to know about me and my family. She checked in regularly and always left the lines of communication open for me to reach out to her at any time, day or night. When I went into labor, she arrived super fast and was there every step of the way. She held my hand and guided me through breathing exercises to help keep me calm. Miriam made sure that I was in control of what happened to me and the baby and advocated for us to go along with my birth plan as much as possible. She helped to make sure I had the best care and I knew all of my options. Once I went home, she constantly checked up on me and baby and visited us to make sure we were doing just fine. If I could do it all over again, I would choose to have her there every step of the way again. Miriam was the best doula ever and became apart of my family and I wouldn't have it any other way. 


Dina Grappone6/29/2023I'm truly so happy I hired Miriam as a postpartum doula. I wasn't 100% sure at first hiring a postpartum doula was the right thing to do. However, the first day Miriam came, she confirmed that I did the right thing. I had her for day support and night support and felt comfortable and confident leaving her with my baby. She was warm, understanding, compassionate and professional. When she was here for nighttime support, she would send me records of how my baby did overnight and the living room and kitchen were neat and clean. She also made sure my laundry was finished and everything was completed before she left. During her daytime support, she made sure I wasn't overwhelmed by taking care of my baby and making sure everything in the house was done. It gave me freedom to spend time with my toddler and do some things I also needed to do! We went through a lot my baby's first month of life and Miriam was the perfect person to help us through it! I would highly recommend her as a doula and we are thankful we got the opportunity to work with her! 