DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
5 TESTIMONIALS

Robin Dini

Within Motherhood, LLC

Guilford, CT  Service range 60 miles  No Ferries

203-915-9658

https://www.withinmotherhood.com/

Birth Fee

$1000 to $1500

Postpartum Rate

$45

Availability Remarks: My postpartum availability requires 48-72hrs notice with flexibility. 10pm-6am is ideal. No more than two nights consecutively. Daytime postpartum availability is 9:30AM-3PM.

CONTACT ROBIN VIEW ROBIN'S AVAILABILITY

Elizabeth8/1/2023Robin Dini was the best person I could have asked for to help me get through pregnancy, childbirth, and postpartum. She was totally sensitive to my preferences and requests, and worked well with not just me but also my husband. Here are a few highlights: She has a great sense of humor, proactively checks in with her clients, shares or finds resources as needed, schedules a postpartum visit to help debrief from what is often a whirlwind experience, works with moms and dads, and cares about your full life picture, helps set up a nursery, creates birth plans, and takes beautiful photographs.She was with me during my most fragile and fearful moments and I never once felt judged. Just so so grateful for Robin. She was a best fried and surrogate mother. In hindsight, I think we probably should have named our child after her. :) I'm so grateful that people like Robin exist in the world. She is an incredibly special human being and gifted doula.


Michael Conti8/1/2023First time dad here. I can't imagine having gone through the birth of our daughter without Robin by our side. I would whole-heartedly recommed her to anyone looking for doula support. Here's why:#1: Robin Builds A Real Connection With Her ClientsRobin invested the time in the weeks leading up to delivery to really get to know us: our story of how we got this point, our fears and anxieties, how we wanted this experience to go (as much as one can really plan), etc.. After building such a strong connection in the weeks leading up to delivery, I had 110% confidence going to the hospital that Robin knew what my wife needed both physically and emotionally and that she was going to advocate for her from the start to end of this process - and she did! I really don't know how we would have done this without her.#2: Robin Supports Dads Just As Much As MomsBeing a new dad is hard! I had a baby girl to take care of and I wanted to take care of my wife and help her recover as quickly as possible. It's a lot. Robin would check in with me often to see how I was holding up. She also spent time with me to answer all my questions and she helped me learn how to change diapers, swaddle, burp, etc.#3: Robin Is An Amazing Birth Photographer Too!We opted to add a birth photography session to our package with Robin. I was blown away by the beautiful moments she captured during labor and delivery. There is A LOT going on during labor and once you get through it, it can all seem like a blur. Having these photos now help us reflect back on the experience and the special moments we had together as we welcomed our girl into the world.---We ultimately formed a really special relationship with Robin. Two weeks post birth we are still exhchanging texts. We hired a doula and got a friend. I think that is a testament to the kind of special person Robin is. You'll love her.


Alexa Brown8/1/2023Robin was so wonderful throughout the entire doula experience. From zoom calls, continual text communication, and in-person visits during my second and third trimester, to in-person support and advocacy during my delivery and afterward. I would 100% recommendation Robin's doula services to anyone. She was amazing!


Kendall Corroon11/30/2022Robin was a pleasure to work with. She has a presence that makes you feel comfortable and trusting, almost as if you’ve always known her, which is very important when inviting someone into your home and to care for your newborn baby. I felt as though Robin treated our son as he was her own, she truly cares for and loves babies.


Dana Lynne9/14/2022Robin and I met what feels like a lifetime ago when we were both working in different careers (in the same field.) She knew I was pregnant before I could even tell her....and when she told me she was studying to become a doula, it was a no-brainer to ask her to be a part of our experience.She is very, very informative and when she didn't have an immediate answer to one of my questions, found it for me in a very timely manner. She is kind and calm, both of which were appreciated during what can be a very stressful time. She carefully plotted out with us our birth plan, and was sure to remind us that it could go any which way....which allowed us to prepare for anything that came. And all throughout the pregnancy, she was on call and so very good to check in on me/us often.I unknowingly went into labor and spent most of early labor alone because of it, though I was ironically texting with her throughout that time. Once we both knew what was going down, she got to the hospital as quickly as she could and stayed with us through the delivery of our baby girl. She was one of the first humans to hold our little one and she will always be a part of her birth story.In addition to being a support to us during the birthing of our daughter, she also photographed for us the experience, pulling in from her former career (where we met) into her new one. When we were released from the hospital, we hired her to come do a few overnights at our home to help us settle in. I cannot speak highly enough of this offering or stress how vital it was to have those hours of sleep. She would wake me to nurse and then take the babe to burp/change/swaddle back to sleep. And she kept the pooch company, too!10/10 would hire her again in a HEARTBEAT!