DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
7 TESTIMONIALS

Samantha Heenan

Pixie Dust Birth Services

West Haven, CT  Service range 50 miles

203-306-8165

https://www.pixiedustbirthservices.com

Birth Fee

$1400 to $1600

CONTACT SAMANTHA VIEW SAMANTHA'S AVAILABILITY

Kim12/1/2022From the first phone call I had with Sam, I felt safe and in charge of my own birth. I was scared my voice would not be heard in the delivery room, and my birth plan would not be acknowledged. After talking with Sam, it was clear that she had my best interests at the forefront of this entire process and would advocate for me. She explained her role during and after my birth.I was interested in placenta encapsulation along with preserving a print of my baby's home for the last ten months in my body! I was so happy and relieved that Sam was a one stop shop and offered these services. She explained the process in depth and how she would go about collecting my placenta after the baby came.I felt on top of the world knowing I had an amazing team on my side, and as this was my first baby, Sam helped push any fears I had out of my head.Unfortunately due to COVID restrictions in the hospital, I was not allowed a Doula in our room. However, Sam was available for any questions and concerns I had once I started my labor. She was there when my emotions were going through the roof and contractions were getting heavier; she was able to calm me down with her gentle words. She provided material for me and my boyfriend to try different positions while I was going through my hardest labor at home. Knowing I had Sam there on my side was an inexplainable relief.After my son was born, she came to our house and picked up his placenta. She hung out for a bit and we chatted as if we had known each other for years. She brough back the encapsuled pills and a print that will be forever cherished. Sam quickly became a part of our family and we are forever grateful she shared in our birth experience!!


Brooke O’Connor11/29/2022As a first time mom I was so scared about the whole labor & delivery process. That is why we decided to hire a doula and I am so happy we ended up going with Sam ! Sam is so sweet, informative, supportive, and was there every step of the way! She explained everything to me and my husband about the different options we have for our birth with our baby and things to expect in certain scenarios. Before even meeting with Sam I knew I wanted to go unmedicated and without an epidural so I knew a doula was a must. During the birth of our son, Sam was right by my side. I live a little far from Sam, so when I thought I was in labor I texted her immediately. As my contractions picked up and things were progressing, my husband was texting her and she was able to provide support and offer ideas on what to do to help while I was going through the active phase at home (getting in the shower, certain positions, breathing techniques, etc). As soon as things got to a point where we felt we needed her in person, my husband and I called her at 11:30pm - she did not hesitate and got right in her car and came to our home. Only 30 minutes later we were headed to the hospital and about 6 hours later our bundle of joy was born! Sam was not only supportive for me during this whole process, but she made my husband feel at ease with what was happening. She was constantly reassuring him that what was happening was completely normal and this allowed him to confidently stand by my side. To say we are so happy with sam is in understatement. She was an absolute pleasure to have on this journey and we would not have had it any other way!


Jessica Caruso11/29/2022Samantha was an absolute blessing to have along by our side throughout my pregnancy and on the day we gave birth to our daughter. With her knowledge, expertise, passion and  abilities to provide the most nurturing support, I say wholeheartedly we couldn't have done it without her. The most remarkable part to my day of labor was the fact that she knew exactly when it was time to get to the birthing center. We appreciate her approach to assisting us and providing the information for us to understand and choose our birth preferences. It made everything a lot more easy in preparation. We cannot thank Sam enough for her dedication to this work. Hiring a doula is the best decision you can make and Sam  is your girl! The way she will hold that space for you and be that voice when you need it is truly a gift.  Forever grateful for Samantha!


Alissa11/29/2022I worked with Samantha for basically the whole of my first pregnancy in 2021. Having her available to call or text with any questions was so incredibly helpful. It made going to my OBGYN so much less stressful as I had already worked through a lot of my questions with Samantha and could focus on the big ones with my doctor.She was a joy to work with during pregnancy, and then having her at the hospital during active labor helped me and my husband to feel so much more in control of everything. Before coming to the hospital, she and my husband kept in touch to make sure that she knew exactly what was happening so that she could be prepared for my active labor. Hiring her was the best decision I made during my pregnancy, my husband agrees as well. I’ll one hundred percent work with her again when I'm pregnant again.


Erika Woolsey11/29/2022When I first found out I was pregnant, I instantly knew that I wanted to have a doula. Not having known anyone who had used one, I set out on an internet search for Doulas in Connecticut. I came across Sam's profile and read deeply into everything she offered. She responded so quickly to my inquiry, and we set up a zoom to meet. We instantly clicked! Leaving that call, I knew I wanted her by my side helping me through this experience. Sam is the easiest person to communicate with, and she truly listens to what you need. Text or call she was always available to answer questions and wanted updates on how I was doing. As a first time mom, I wasn't sure exactly what to expect or how to prepare. She gave me I'm such incredible education tools and ways to help the labor process. Coming up with my birth plan was amazing because she takes the time to explain every option you have. As women we are often pushed to do things a certain way, even if that's not what we want. Working with Sam, she listens to what you want to do and follows your lead. If you're unsure, she educates you more so you can make the best decision. On the day I gave birth, she helped my husband help me get through those hard moments. She was there in any way I needed her there. Those helpful reminders to relax my body, ice chips, cool cloths. I truly don't believe my birth experience would've been the same without Sam. Postpartum, she visits and makes sure you're comfortable and everything is going well. I would recommend Sam to everyone I know. 


Gina11/29/2022Sam was an amazing resource and presence at delivery. We wondered if we really needed a doula, especially when we found out son was breech and we might end up in a c section. However, she was a wealth of information regardless of what unexpected changes took place in the last few months, including offering tips on flipping. Baby ended up turning after an ECV, but we were then admitted for an induction at week 40. In days leading up to active labor, Sam checked in consistently and provided advice and suggestions when we needed them. For back labor, her recommendation to sit backwards on toilet was clutch. She arrived in the middle of the night as I was getting an epidural. Epidural was only working on one side. Sam not only lightened the mood and made the waiting and discomfort fun, but she also knew exactly what positions to use to relieve discomfort and move process along. I was in constant lower back pain during the final bit, but Sam helped me focus and push with breathing reminders....all while holding my leg and capturing the most amazing pictures of the birth! She was going to encapsulate placenta, but mine was retained and got beat up along the way. She tried to do what she could, but there was no saving it. She did make a great umbilical keepsake however. Would definitely recommend hiring Sam even if you think you don't need a doula. Having that extra person who has been through it all before and who has a fun and personable bedside manner makes a huge difference. 


Tori B11/29/2022During my pregnancy, labor and delivery, we had the most phenomenal support from Sam. She went above and beyond to support us through a birth experience that went different than “planned”. Birth can happen in unexpected ways but when all of our preferences went out the window, Sam helped us feel safe and supported while bringing our little boy earth side. We are so thankful for Sam holding space for us on our journey. If you live in CT and are looking for a birth doula, I couldn’t recommend her enough.