DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
2 CERTIFICATIONS
8 TESTIMONIALS

Shannon Kent

Getadoula.com

Ellington, CT  Service range 15 miles

8605085491

http://getadoula.com

Birth Fee

$1850 to $2550

Postpartum Rate

$35 to $50

CONTACT SHANNON VIEW SHANNON'S AVAILABILITY

Brittany7/9/2022We have had the blessing of having Shannon as our doula for both of our pregnancies and births. Each journey was so different and having someone besides my doctor to text and call when I was unsure of something or needing advice was in valuable. We can't recommend her enough! Her patience, understanding, and above all her ability to help us advocate for our wishes when we can't made our experiences so much better. 


Molly Cyr7/7/2022Birth can be so unpredictable with so many things out of our control. One of the things that I could control for the birth of my second child was who my support system would be. If you are thinking of hiring Shannon - DO IT!! There truly isn’t anyone better!While I still ended up needing C- section, instead of the vbac I had been hoping for, I can honestly say that one of the biggest reasons I’m emotionally okay with it, is because of Shannon. She’s truly and angel with a magic touch that helped me through the hours of labor before my son was born. It was still such a beautiful experience and I will never forget the comfort I felt just knowing she was there with us. It made all the difference this time around. I am so grateful we found Shannon and that she was there with us through a difficult birth!


Kara7/7/2022Shannon is amazing. She helped me for months and I was impressed every step of the way. Highly professional, experienced, and discreet all while bringing a steady, kind energy. She did everything from advising on getting rid of diaper rash to spontaneously making me muffins one day to breaking down Amazon boxes that were driving me crazy. Many mornings I would come downstairs to a delicious hot breakfast, tons of food prep miraculously done, and a happy baby after getting much needed extra sleep. It was awesome. I love chatting with her about all things pregnancy, baby, etc, and I trust her entirely with my little one. Hire her. Unless it’s for when I’m having my next baby, in which case she is unavailable.


Jennifer Stiffen7/7/2022Having Shannon as my doula was absolutely amazing. She never left my side and advocated for me in ways that I did not have my first labor experience. She was so positive and supportive and I'm so thankful for her!


Amanda Beaudreau6/7/2021Shannon Kent is the best doula around, hands down.  From the moment that you meet, her presensce is so comforting and reassuring.  She is such a calming force, who helped empower me to have not only one, but two of the most amazing birthing experiences.  I cannot imagine giving birth without her by my side. From easing pregancy anxiety, checking in after appointments, or just answering my crazy questions at all hours of the night, she was always there to listen and helped me navigate my pregnancy journey in an empowered way.  When the time came to give birth  she was right at the hopsital, helping my husband and I have a dream birth. She keeps you moving and breathing to help get your baby in the optimal position. I can attest to this, because I ended up with a 10lb baby, and i'm postitive the only reason I was able to successfully deliver my baby without a c-section is because of the specific techniques and positions Shannon suggested and helped me do to get baby where he needed to be.  Shannon is so incredibly knowledgeable in all things pregnancy and baby and really is a dream to work with.  Even after birth she never stops supporting you. She is alwalys avaliable for questions.  I really can't say enough good things about her.  If you are lucky enough to get Shannon as a doula, I promise you won't be dissapointed, you too can have the birth of your dreams!    


Cara10/17/2020Working with Shannon during my first pregnancy helped with my anxiety of labor tremendously. I felt like I was in good hands and she coached my husband and I through it which I'm not sure we would have had without having a doula. Our baby girl was born healthy without any complications! 


Marco10/12/2020I would love to give you 10 of 5 Stars, Shannon! You are amazing! We would not have made this journey without you! You provided us with outstanding support prior, during and after the birth of our daughter. We could contact you 24/7 and received immediate responses - always! We are truly amazed of your very deep knowledge. There has not been a single question you could not answer. Furthermore, you taught us millions of things. With your help, all our fears vanished and we felt empowered to master the birth process! We particularly loved your passion for helping us to make our personal wishes come true. You kept all your promises and made the birth and unforgettable most beautiful experience. We are so so glad that we got the opportunity to have you with us. Thank you so much for bringing up all those great ideas/suggestions to make the delivery just perfect! There are no words for how thankful we are. We consider you as a very good friend and highly recommend you to all of our family and friends and just everybody out there. Thank you very very much once again, Shannon! You are the best!


Elly10/12/2020Being pregnant during a pandemic and without your mother close, the arrival of my first child was a happy occasion but it riddled me with doubt. When I met Shannon in the fall of 2019, I made it clear that I needed someone to be a mother-like presence who could enable me to feel empowered to take charge of my birth experience. An advocate for me and teacher to my partner on how to best support me throughout labor were also necessary. Shannon was all this and more! When I felt like I could not keep going, Shannon coached me through my contractions and directed my partner on what to do. Having her in the room helped to create a calming presence that reinvigorated me with strength. When our son finally made his debut, a short 10 hours later, it felt as though Shannon "fit" right into the trio. She captured the very first moments of our new family with lovely pictures. Her supportive attention did not end after our labor was over either. She was responsive to all of my texts during those first few weeks when neither my partner nor I felt like we knew what we were doing. The experience with Shannon was magical and we plan to hire her again for all of our subsequent births. 