DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
1 CERTIFICATION
11 TESTIMONIALS

Sooo-z Mastropietro CD(DONA), CLC, CBE

SooozDoula

Westport, CT  Service range 50 miles  no ferries, tolls and parking to be paid for by client

2035360651

https://sooozdoula.com

Birth Fee

$2500 to $2800

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $75

Availability Remarks: Available for partial nights as well as overnight. We can talk about a package price for ongoing support.

CONTACT SOOO-Z VIEW SOOO-Z'S AVAILABILITY

Emma4/19/2023I recently had the incredible privilege of working with Sooo-z as my doula, and I cannot express enough how grateful I am for her exceptional care and support throughout my pregnancy and labor. She made multiple visits to my home, providing attentive and compassionate support. Her responsiveness to my questions and texts was remarkable, and she was always there when I needed her, no matter the time of day or night. Her calming presence and gentle reassurance during labor helped me stay focused and empowered throughout the process. Sooo-z's knowledge and expertise as a doula were evident in every aspect of her care, helping me make informed decisions aligned with my birth preferences. Her non-judgmental and supportive approach made me feel heard and respected at all times.Sooo-z's dedication and availability were truly exceptional, and her passion for her work shone through in every interaction. She provided invaluable comfort measures during labor and advocated for my preferences with the medical staff. Her professionalism, knowledge, and responsiveness made my birth experience more positive and memorable. I am forever grateful for Sooo-z's guidance and support during this special journey into motherhood.


Grace B3/9/2023Sooo-Z is an incredibly kind, calming, and thoughtful doula and overall an amazing person! Before I went into labor she taught me different positions and moves that would help me prepare. At the hospital, she helped so much by relieving pressure during contractions and made sure to include my husband in the process as well. Her voice and presence are very soothing. She made sure the hospital staff knew my preferences and advocated for me during the whole process. She played a very active role in my (long) pushing and made sure the baby was immediately handed to me. We are first time parents and had no idea what to expect going in. It was so helpful and calming to have Sooo-Z with us the whole time, especially because the nurses mostly just come in for checks or updates. I would 100% recommend working with Sooo-Z for a more calming birth experience! We also worked with Sooo-Z as a lactation consultant and she immediately helped me figure out a method and a schedule that worked for both me and our baby. She even brought us homemade cookies! It was really special to see her with our baby whom she helped deliver. Thank you again for helping all three of us!!  I highly recommend working with Sooo-Z for any needs related to pregnancy, birth, and postpartum! 


Rachel M8/25/2022After years of fertility treatments, I thought I was ready for anything the birth process would throw at me. As a first-time mom, I dove headfirst into research about what to expect and how to cope, and thought I was ready. Doulas came highly recommended, and I decided to hire one via Danbury hospital for the birth. At 41 weeks I was induced and quickly learned that no matter what one reads or learns, you don’t know what to expect. Sooo-z began the support process by hearing all my needs and wants and ensuring that her help was tailored to these needs.There were two things I was most certain about: disinterest in laboring in the bath and using the peanut ball. These two activities ended up being two the most relaxing and important parts of the birth process. Sooo-z patiently listened while I refused both early on, however once I tried both I realized how amazing these tools are. It was clear that Sooo-z’s incredible wealth of knowledge had a lot to offer.Labor and birth can be scary, but with the steady and kind support of Sooo-z, it isn’t just manageable but even pleasurable at times. Right as it was time to push, there was an emergency situation, and Sooo-z helped keep me calm and focused. My partner and I can’t imagine what we would have done without Sooo-z, how stressful and uncertain the process could have been. Thankfully, we didn’t have to. We can’t thank you enough!


Yvonne Mica8/24/2022We were so lucky to have Sooo-z present at the birth of our daughter in May. We met Sooo-z through the Danbury Hospital doula program. This was our third baby and our third time getting the support of a doula through the program. We couldn’t have asked for a better experience.Sooo-z took the time to meet with me ahead of the birth so that we could get to know each other and so that she could understand our goals and preferences for the birth. Getting to meet Sooo-z in advance gave me such peace of mind. I loved her calming presence. Sooo-z is knowledgeable, open-minded, and supportive. She has clearly taken the time to educate herself in this field and shared a bunch of helpful info and exercises to help the baby drop and position for an easy delivery. We followed HypnoBabies for our birth plan and Sooo-z was open to completing the HypnoBabies doula training so she could fully support us with our birth preferences. During the birth, Sooo-z helped reinforce HypnoBabies language and preferences and was our advocate with the hospital staff. She helpedcreate a calm and supportive environment. This was our third baby and with our first two my labors were long and exhausting. My babies weren’t positioned correctly and both times my labors stalled. This time Sooo-z was there to help us along. She assisted me with a spinning babies move to help realign our baby. My water broke within minutes and things progressed quickly from there. Having Sooo-z there gave me the confidence to trust my body and the process. With her guidance and coaching I was able to have the birth experience I’d been hoping for. Thank you Sooo-z for the gift of an incredible experience that we will cherish for a lifetime! 


Julia7/26/2022I new right from the beginning I wanted a Doula after taking a Hypnobirthing course and boy did I hit the jackpot with Sooo-z! Having her with me throughout my labor and  delivery was more than I could have imagined. Her positive words and affirmations, foot massage, and help breastfeeding was more than I expected! I had the most wonderful experience and I can't thank her enough! I look forward to working with her again in the future!! 


Ashley Rosiclair7/25/2022My name is Ashley l, I meant Soooz when I was seven months pregnant she explained to me what a doula's job was. I was so excited to listen to her as a mom of three telling me the experience she had with her children, as a new mother giving bme.irth sounded scary with Soooz help I had becoming to not be afraid about it. Having you as a doula made  my birth experience vey relaxing and easy.  She is very passionate and dedicated I was really glad to have you with me me Soooz in my labor room with 


Ahmed4/13/2022My wife and I decided to hire a doula (our first time) for our third baby and we were so lucky to have Sooo-z as our doula. She was wonderful from the start and helped us through the whole process. She made my wife very comfortable throughout the labor process. She gave her messages and read her positive notes and listened to her  to keep her calm. She helped bring in food and drinks whenever my wife needed it. Thank you Sooo-z for your help making the labor process awesome for my wife. 


Jennifer Lividini4/1/2022Sooo-z fully exceeded my expectations as a doula. From the first minute we met her, I felt a calming prescence. During down times of contractions, Sooo-z provided me with ample illustrations, diagrams, and information that helped me understand what was going on with my body better, and how I could enhance my birthing experience.Sooo-z set a beautiful atmosphere in my birthing room and helped me to stay calm and feeling good through my entire experience. At one point, I was experiencing severe anxiety and Sooo-z knew exactly how to comfort me. She read the signs I was giving her and adapted to help me calm down.For anyone who needs or wants that extra support, Sooo-z is a must-have. I would never have been able to be as successful with the birth (or had such a positive experience) had I not had her support. Her gentle demeanor really just made everything better.I would highly recommend Sooo-z, especially to first-time moms or moms who suffer from anxiety. Her support was instrumental and frankly just the best. I can confidently say that I will be requesting her presence at all of my future birthing experiences.


Lily Khidr3/4/2022I remember the instant that I met Soooz: I was laying in bed, my newborn next to me, just hours after I was discharged from the hospital. There was a mixture of emotion ranging from fear and anxiety to excitement and relief, but physically I couldn't walk. She walked in with a beautiful plant, a box of tea and a megawatt smile that was so reassuring I felt that an Angel had arrived by my side. Indeed, Soooz was that Angel. We had just moved from the city, our house was still in boxes and my body barely able to recuperate.  Soooz was the force I needed. She was filled with knowledge that combined experience, personal creativity and professional expertise in a way that quickly built trust and at the same time was able to foster independence in me as a new second time mom. We learned all about the baby and her cues together, she helped manage all the postpartum symptoms which were tremendously painful and debilitating. She was compassionate, funny, positive, filled with energy - she was always doing something to help even around the house- laundry, snacks, tea, organizing and sharing stories. I would not have recovered as well as I did without her. She even managed to get me outside walking which I cannot explain enough- would be impossible. As a biomedical scientist myself, it's hard to imagine that I could not intellectually get myself to feel better both physically and emotionally. I was prepared. I had done my proverbial homework. I'm a naturally discerning person especially when it comes to healthcare. What I needed and found in Soooz however, amplified the experience from struggle to empowerment, but with grace. Childbirth is a powerful experience- but postpartum is equally powerful and fragile. Having Soooz by my side was integral to transitioning fully into motherhood and now I'm grateful to her as a resource and as a friend for life.   


Rachael1/20/2022I loved working with Sooo-z so much. She is incredibly kind, thoughtful, knowledgeable, and was not at all judgmental about my choices. Our agreement was for prenatal, so she came to my house for visits twice before delivery. She demonstrated stretches and positions to practice in the weeks before delivery to help get more comfortable and urge my baby to "drop." She was incredibly attentive to my questions, concerns, and calmed any fears I had about delivery. She took notes and remembered the things I had told her--I felt totally seen and heard. Then when she came for the delivery, she was such great company, my husband and I were totally calm. For my whole life I'd been terrified of childbirth, but I actually had a lot of fun during the process. It didn't hurt I'd had an epidural and a great nurse, too, but Sooo-z was instrumental in helping me move gently and relax as contractions began. Then later when I was pushing (for about 3 hours), she was a great coach. She, and my husband and I vibed so well. It was a great experience. She planned to visit at my house one more time post natal, but that's just when omicron began to escalate so we opted for a remote call. She gave me some breastfeeding/feeding pointers, and other general advice for healing and taking care of baby. I would absolutely work with her again if we have another baby and recommend her with no reservations. In fact I hope we stay in touch in the future, even if I'm not pregnant! 


Ramaphoko Olda5/12/2021Firstly, I would like to thank Sooo-z for being my birth partner. I truly appreciate how available she was for me, since day one. I don't know how I would have gone through the process of labor without her. She came through for me when I needed her the most. She went extra miles to be there for me. Driving at 2AM to come and pick me up at my house to take me to the hospital without any complains, Responding to my texts in the middle of the night, my shoulder to cry on, the warmth and care that she gave me, I am humbled to say I totally felt like she was my mother! I appreciate her so much! May you continue to provide the same love and support to other moms that you'll encounter on your doula journey! You are the best! LoveOlda 