DOULA PROFILE
BIRTH AVAILABILITY
POSTPARTUM AVAILABILITY
10 TESTIMONIALS

Teresa Piazza CD/PCD(DONA)CLC.CCBE MommaTDoula

Birth/Ppartum Doula,Lactation Counselor&Educator

Easton, CT  Service range 50 miles  Within an average 1 hour response time.

9192448410

https://mommatdoula.com

Birth Fee

$1975 to $2500

Postpartum Rate

$50 to $75

Availability Remarks: Be empowered with the support you need for the birth/postpartum experience you want. I have flexibility, volume discounts, and packages. I want to work with you!

CONTACT DOULA VIEW AVAILABILITY

Maddie11/19/2022 It’s not often that you meet a person like Terri, much less are lucky enough to have your child in her care. You’d be lucky enough to simply be in her orbit, but to be on the receiving end — as parents, and our children — of her tender loving care is truly a gift. My husband and I moved back home after a stint on the west coast and found ourselves in need of some night care for our first baby — who was then 3 months old — as we transitioned into our new remote positions and home. MommaT came into our lives with so much love, warmth, knowledge, & understanding for our situation that we immediately felt a connection to her. We were instantly comfortable handing our baby bundle to her as we crashed into our beds for some much needed rest. If the quality of care isn't enough, Terri is a wellspring of information. She is incredibly resourceful & plugged into her community. Anything you need, she can give you the name/number of someone who can help, or will call them right up for you on the spot. When my husband was away on work trips, Terri would show up with a healthy, home cooked meal for me. She is so thoughtful and goes the extra 10 miles without ever having to ask. Terri has a deep knowledge of lactation and this helped me feel confident enough to wean off the nipple shield. She is a calming presence, and great listener, and a great comfort. I truly don’t know how I would have survived the 4th trimester without Terri. Finding a doula can feel a bit like handing your baby over to a stranger and hoping for the best. It's our hope that this review can help relieve that stress, because Terri has been absolutely amazing for our family and we can not recommend her highly enough. She has really become a part of our family. Her support is invaluable and we are so happy she’s in our lives. If you are looking for a doula, look no further. 


Robin Mish1/6/2020I cannot say enough good things about Teresa! She was amazingly knowledgeable, supportive, kind and full of helpful tips about birthing and taking care of babies. I did not have an easy birth experience (39.5 hours in labor ended in a cesarean) and I couldn't have done it without her. We followed my birth plan to the best of our abilities, she made sure I was aware of all my options at any given moment, and she kept me as comfortable as possible. I can honestly say I don't regret anything about my birthing experience and hiring her was the best decision ever. As first time parents we had no idea what to expect and we were nervous. Having a doula like Teresa help us through the process seriously calmed our nerves and helped us to be confident in the decisions we made along the way. If you are thinking of hiring a doula, this one is awesome!


Aimee Kaplan12/9/2019I am so grateful for Teresa and the support, encouragement, and guidance she provided during my labor. My baby was arriving prematurely and my husband and I were nervous. Teresa took the time to get to know us and helped make our delivery experience feel personal. She coached me with patience, understanding, and always made me feel comfortable asking questions. I highly recommend her services and will definitely be hiring Teresa for delivieres in the future. Thank you, Terri! 


Jessica8/16/2019Terri was a huge support during my labor and delivery! I pushed for two hours and Terri was by my side every second helping to make me more comfortable. We originally decided to use a doula because my husband and I were unable to attend the birth classes. Additionally, my husband was worried he wouldn't know how to support me in the moment. Terri was there and was able to support me while also helping my husband support me. Terri stayed with us for several hours afterwards while my son was in the NICU and then helped me nurse him for the first time when he was released. She even visited us the next day! 


Sophia6/27/2019Terry was phenomenal! She has a very calm demeanor which makes you feel at ease throughout labor and delivery. She made the whole day easier and less stressful. I would recommend her to anyone interested in using a doula. 


Lauren Cartagena6/27/2019The perfect match for our son's birth!  She was kind, attentive and positive - she also had great relationships with the hospital staff, which was reassuring.  We had great conversation while labor progressed, which was exactly what I needed to keep me relaxed and not staring at the clock. Overall, we are so happy she was part of our birthing experience!  Thank you!


Julia Teitelbaum6/23/2019She was attentive, warm, friendly, and made my very intense labor manageable. I recommend her!! 


Kate Miller6/22/2019Teresa was amazing! I had planned to use the same doula that I had worked with when my son was born but unfortunately she came down sick the night I went into labor. Teresa was the recommended replacement and I couldn't have asked for a better experience. Friendly and proactive, she really listened to how I was feeling and how I hoped delivery would go. Admitted at 1am, my daughter arrived just before 8am via all natural delivery. If you are wondering whether a doula is the right choice, here are a few things to consider. Every delivery of is different. My 1st was ROUGH but my 2nd was a breeze. Doulas know the hospital staff, where stuff is and can help provide additional information and guidance if things don't go "according to plan". It also provided company while my spouse got some rest and a variety of suggestions of how to work through contractions I wouldn't have thought of.5 star 200% recommendation for Teresa from this happy mama!


Katie Carhart2/4/2019I had such a positive birth experience working with Teresa. She was extremely attentive to my needs during labor and very knowledgeable, which made the overall experience as calming as possible. I felt like I was able to be very present in the moment, and she was a wonderful advocate as well.


Greg Miller1/22/2019Fantastic.  She was great, really helped my wife, made her as comfortable as possible. Knew things to try that I never would have thought of or known about. I highly reccomend Teresa (and having a Doula in general).